158	1	If your looking for a great Breakfast spot in the LV area, look no further.  This place was great.  I ordered 2 eggs over-easy, with Potatoes and bacon.  My wife got an omlet.  We also ordered a biscuits and gravy.  Everything was AMAZING!!!!!!  It can get kind of crowded in the AM on the weekends but its worth it.
1962	1	OPMG can't go wrong with anything! But my favorite is the the hammered pork tenderloin eggs benedict with cream sauce!!!!!!!!!1 Its bigger than my freaking head and I only finished 2/3s of the damn thing soooo goood.... the bacon cream sauce they put on that thing is so delicious.... and my runnder up is not the sage fried chicken eggs benedict pretty massive and really good..... Coming here is my new Vegas tradition!
1559	0	Extraordinarily disappointing. Burger patty was dry and overdone, but bacon was cold and cheese not melted somehow. Fries were underdone, with cold dry potato in the middle of the wedge. The $7 milkshake will not be getting any praise from Vincent Vega. At $35/person, it's steakhouse prices in highchair googie decor. Service was friendly, but slow, though they were good about refilling water. The brioche was very tasty; I wish the burger lived up to it.
1850	0	WORST PLACE EVER.   I was hungry and wanted a drink and an outdoor place to sit. My boyfriend and I sat down and ordered two margaritas. $12 per. - that isn't the bad part.   Because I was desperate for a snack I ordered the cheapest appetizer on the menu- chips and salsa for $8!   EIGHT DOLLARS! For nachos you would get free anywhere else. And they were so greasy I couldn't eat them. You have to understand I love junky food, but this was SO bad. Just disgusting.   This place gets one star because I HAVE to give it something to rate it.  In all fairness, the server was nice and the location is good (across from the Bellagio fountain) but save your money and buy a 6-pack, some tostitos and sit out on the sidewalk if you want a good view of the show.   Is this what you wanted, Sammy Hagar?
1531	1	I was so excited to eat at Gordon Ramsay BurGR, and his name did not disappoint! Amazing, delicious, juicy and innovative shakes, appetizers and desserts. The star of the show are the amazing burgers!  Chanterelle mushroom burger - so delicious and exceeded my expectations! The meat was tender and juicy, and was topped with perfectly cooked chanterelle mushrooms and arugula. The bun was soft and melt in my mouth, just the way I like it.   Honey-pig bao buns - I loved the juicy pork belly and the crunchy cucumber, radish and cilantro. The honey-hoisin sauce was sweet and went perfectly to complete the experience of this amazing appetizer.  Truffle-Parmesan Fries - Delicious truffle and cheesy goodness on each fry. Served with a luscious truffle aioli. Huge portion, one order can definitely be split by two people.   The restaurant is located at a prime location in Planet Hollywood. The flames at the exterior of the entrance is phenomenal and hard to miss. The decor is awesome and futuristic with the cool lights and fun interactive menu at the entrance.  Service is friendly and prompt. We arrived right before the restaurant opened and fortunately were seated right away.   Make sure to get their early if you want to be seated soon. There are no reservations, and often a wait at this popular burger joint.    Overall I really enjoyed Gordon Ramsay BurGR! Food is delicious and the experience is fun. Definitely worth stopping in here for amazing burger goodness while in Vegas.
505	1	Wanted a special dinner with my beautiful BAE so I made reservations on Open Table. After watching Frozen Fury (LA Kings destroyed the Colorado Avalanche) we took a Uber to the Paris Hotel.  Our table was located upstairs. We had Matthew and Tony for our waiters. Our appetizers were the Gnocchi, Sriracha Roasted Broccoli and the Mac & Cheese. All three were delicious. As you can imagine the presentations were top notch.  Our main entrees were the 8 oz. Filet for me and the American Rib Cap for her. Amazing pieces of beef.   This was my first visit to a Gordon Ramsay restaurant. I love his shows (Master Chef, Hell's Kitchen, Kitchen Nightmares) and now I can save I love his food. Can't wait to visit another one of his establishments.
647	1	Came here on Monday, and 1$ shots and 1$ beer! How can you say no?! What a great place to pre-game before hitting up Marquee nightclub. And must I say their burgers are out of this world! My friend and I got the kobe beef burger and the steakhouse burger and split them. Just some excellent quality meat... The taste was great too, but it mostly comes from their meat quality, so my hat off to Holsteins. Oh, and let's not forget their crunchy shoe string fries! Yummm... Okay I'm starting to sound like a fatty so I will end it here... Next time I come, I will try the shakes!
684	0	The food took forever to arrive.  The steak/lobster tail combo was OK. I liked the steak more than than the lobster tail.  The chinese chicken salad is tasty, but the wontons get soggy fast.  The ahi tuna salad is good, but perhaps not really worth it.  Overall, nothing is amazing. I don't really like the atmosphere, because it reminds me of a cleaner Denny's or comparable diner. The food is not really worth it and there are just better options on The Strip. You must get the 50% off meal ticket in order for this place to not be severely overpriced.
1743	1	Victoria was our server and she was AMAZING! i believe there was a "shift change" at the start of our meal and that was the best thing that could've happened. when our previous server said (verbatim) "what you drinking on?!?" i knew we were going to have problems. anyhow, Victoria more than made up for the ignorant server and the food (late breakfast) was quite tasty. ordered a few coffee's, scrambled eggs w/hashbrowns, sausage, bacon and OJ + to-go burger with fries :)
1945	0	OK, i never write reviews this long, but it has to be done...  The ONLY reason I stayed at Hooters was because it is right across the street from the MGM where I was attending a hockey game last weekend. Trust me, pay the extra $$ to stay somewhere else!! Somewhere that doesn't have stains all over the carpet, a tub that drains or cigarette burns in the duvet cover!    The girl who checked us in was not very friendly, but the girl who checked us out was.. so it's hit or miss with the staff. Also, I thought Hooters girls were supposed to be hot?? Guess it's slim pickens in Vegas, all the hot girls are working at the Wynn I suppose.  Also, pieces of the laminate hardwood floors in the lobby and hallways are all broken up or cracked and I stubbed my toe really hard on a piece where the shitty floor meets the nasty ass casino carpet. OW! goddamn piece of shit Hooters!!  The elevators are rickety and scary sounding just as other people's reviews say, it's no lie.  The pool is tiny and the towels they give you are an absolute joke! They look like the towels they use to wipe down the bar with! and they are TINY! I'm an average size chick, I had to use 3 towels just to equal ONE normal size towel, also there are black stains all over them like some was just cleaning a car with them EEWW!!  I'm a vegetarian, so we ate one night at the restaurant "The Mad Onion" in the hotel.. grooooossss.  MAYBE the ONLY good thing would be the $1.50 beers at the bar.. but i always bring my own alcohol to Vegas so it didn't matter much to me.
1082	0	I stayed here once before, no trouble, beautiful rooms. I booked with easy click travel. No where on my invoice was I alerted to the surprise resort fee of $15 per night.  After a long night of travel I simply asked to talk to a manager in the morning.   If I don't pay the surprise charge I don't get keys.   Don't ever stay here for any reason.  Thank Rodney and Darcie.
1978	1	From the amazing food to the wonderful waitress who provided amazing service (while still in training) this restaurant is mandatory!  I love the Eiffel Tower restaurant for dinner, but this is truly a competitor.  It's not a place you want to wander in wearing shorts and a t-shirt (well, I did, as well as many other DefCon attendees), but if you you won't get treated any different.  The bar looks like a place I could spend hours at, just because it's so unique and awesome looking.  But the drinks are crafted by some woman who I can only refer to as a Goddess and the kitchen just does an amazing job on the dinners...I'll be back and not soon enough.
66	1	The experience  itself is worth more than 5 stars, let alone the extravagant, picture perfect, work-of-art food. Plate by plate files by you of simply gorgeously displayed craftsmanship on a plate. Does it match up to the visual when it comes down to taste? You betcha! And beyond.  A towering stack of waffles and sagely spiced fried chicken, mounded with fried leeks (Do I eat leeks? I do now!!!). Added an order of scrambled eggs, which it seems silly to say but they were truly the best prepared I can remember. The two of us shared the waffle creation and had more than enough food.  The second Saturday of the month apparently they have this rousing DJ that sets everybody rocking to breakfast. Fun, inventive, artistic food with an attitude and a joint making a statement of swinging for the fences. Loved the experiance and the food!
11	1	They take peanut allergies serious here which is great for our family who has many kids with peanut allergies. Everything we had here was made to perfection - the ox tail fries with fried egg on top,  Ronin burger (my personal fav) and the Shogun (foie gras any one?!).  The burger was cooked to perfect medium rare which made it juicy.  I ate everything on my plate and dug into my god daughter's salt/pepper fries with jalepenos.  OMG, my mouth is watering just thinking about our heavenly meal.
136	1	Tropical cocktails in colored pictures and in massive glass globes, pink neons lights cast strange shadows on the faux foliage, gilded mirrors makes the room look like a ballroom while the cocktail servers, clad in floor-length ball gowns and soft sex voices, sashay around the bubbling fire pit.   Strange place. But yes, I still take every one of my out-of-town friends here. Every single one.
1052	0	With all the hype back in Cali about Pink's hot dogs, it was sort of weird to see that there is absolutely no ridiculous line to get myself a Chicago dog complete with all the trimmings.  As a fellow Chicago-ian, I'd say I've had my fair share of Chicago dogs and you know a good hot dog isn't good unless you have the right condiments/toppings to go with your dog.    I thought the Vegas version of Pink's was much more weak than the original location mainly because it feels absolutely cramped inside and you'll probably feel guilty for blocking the entrance trying to decide which hot dog you want. Once my bf finished holding up the line trying to find the RIGHT combination for his hot dog, we placed our order and got it within 5 minutes.  The hot dogs were pretty average and they loaded it up with tons of toppings which is nice, but my hot dog was missing out on a ton of ingredients that defines a Chi-town dog. What happened to the onions, tomatoes, and mustard on my hot dog, Pink's!? Instead I got lettuce, relish and a pickle. I'm hoping this was some sort of mistake, nonetheless we ate our food and and went on our way.
280	0	Went for breakfast and had terrible service and all the bread and egg items were stale (pancakes, waffles, dumplings, scrambled eggs, etc). Laurie was very brief and dismissive at the front counter and all the employees were just talking in a corner. Maybe have a friendly person at the front counter if you want your tip up front? My boyfriend and I left to get a second round and our plates were still there when we came back. Go to a different buffet if you want a good experience.
1549	0	Oh man... DON'T get me started with TAO night club. ARGH, so I came here with 5 girls total to TAO waiting for the rest of our bachelorette party.  2 of the girls parted ways after only 10 mins of being there and then there was 3. The 3 of us started drinking at the bar/restaurant area first before we went back up to the main club. Once in, it was PACKED... I mean you're lucky if there are tiny spots where you can BREATHE a little and have some room, but other than that, NO ROOM!  The main dance floor area WAS PACKED. SO PACKED that it was unbearable because you couldn't dance...   Bouncers there were rude and kept belly bumpin me thinking I was going to go under the velvet ropes to a table... which I wasn't ... argh all in all. I really don't like TAO NIGHT CLUB! I wished I was able to go to a better "EDM"-ish night club during my stay in Vegas, but I didn't have enough time to do that... Only upside was that Cash Cash was playing on the weekend of 7/26 so that was nice...   Other than that, I don't think I'll be returning to TAO!
835	1	I've been here several times and everything here is always perfect. From the wait service to the quality of the food. The butter here is simply amazing.   I ordered the Boudin Blanc while my husband ordered the chicken and waffler. My goodness, that is the juicest, perfectly seasoned roast chicken I think I've ever had in my life!!. I totally wasn't expecting it and I found myself eating off my husband's dish. The boudin blanc is tasty as well since I've had it before, it's a good dish to get over and over.   This time i ordered a side of Lyonnaise potatoes. Potatoes were good, but with all the other food I was eating already, i barely finished that.   I'm definitely a fan of Bouchon since this is my must stop brunch place whenever I am in Vegas. Next time I really want to try the beignets!!
665	1	Absolutely incredible! Food and service was on point! The single slices are huge and a great price. The owner is laid back and very friendly it was an awesome atmosphere and even better food. The crust was crunchy and the sauce was a tad bit sweet, will be back every time I'm in Vegas.   The place in on the third floor of the Cosmopolitan hotel down an unmarked hall that's lined with record covers.  Go getchu some.
522	0	Mediocre at best.  The salad was generously sized but boring. My friend had a decent burger with OK fries. Two of us got a $15 glass of wine that was minuscule. They should cut back on the portions of their bland food and pour an average glass of wine.
1859	0	So NOT the buffet that I want when I got to Vegas (TAXI!!! quick! take me to the buffet at the RIo!)  After waiting for what seemed like forever in line that morning for brunch, we finally got seated.  Then we went thru the buffet - it was so so.  There was nothing spectacular about the food, nothing interesting, or unusual that would make it stand out - nothing that would make me ever want to come back.    Vegas is about trying new foods, and experiencing things, this was not something that I would consider new - or an experience.  it was just blah.
1467	0	The minute you walk up to this hotel, you can smell sewage. It was really gross and all around the entrances. Once you walk in, it's like instantly stepping back into 1970's. You can see why some scenes of the movie "Casino" were filmed here. It is very OLD, smelly, outdated and run down. We would NEVER stay there, but saw swarms of people (most with children) checking in/out. It is very cheap ($30+/- per night) and you get what you pay for. We would never gamble, eat or sleep here, but if you want to see what an old Vegas hotel look like back then, you may find it interesting!
1179	0	Used to LOVE MGM Grand to stay at but the employees have had it this past trip. I think they were all very stressed out due to the convention going on because we had poor service everywhere we turned. We were yelled at for using the wrong line at vip & we waited in line to check out for over 1 hour. We did enjoy the bartenders at Fiamma & so that is why I gave them a 2 stars. the attitudes of the employees at front desk would have seriously ruined our day if it hasn't been for Fiamma.
392	0	I booked this hotel room hoping for a "4 star experience" in Las Vegas. When we arrived in the room, it smelled like mold and smoke (even though it was categorized as NON smoking), the carpet was dirty, and the hotel receptionist wont move our rooms unless we paid an extra 40 dollars per night to "upgrade" to a newly remodelled room. Being desperate for comfort and cleanliness, I went ahead and paid the extra 80 dollars to upgrade. I am writing this letter to communicate my disappointment to hotwire's online description of the hotel. I felt mislead and deceived from the hotel description.  Moral: not all "deals" from hotwire leads to a happy ending. Blah.
1958	1	Yep! The expected stellar dining experience only Gordon Ramsay can guarantee!!  For Appetizer, we ordered the "Fuzzy Chicken Wings." Spicy & Tangy w/blue cheese crumbs! They were DAZZLING! Fell off the bone! Hmph!  For the Entree we ordered the "Uber Cheese Burger," -fontina, raclette & goat cheese- I added a fried egg! O. M. G! Superb cooking technique of the meat! It's the first thing you will notice! Very Woodsy! We also ordered the American. Boring, uninspired selection I thought...NOT SO! In fact, after BOTH of those selections I can confirm I will never enjoy any other Burger again after this experience, and if I NEVER eat a burger except here, I'm A okay with that! Oh! Can't forget the Truffle Fries! My God, if you are an Atheist, you won't be after the Truffle Fries! In fact, this has to qualify as baptism! The friggin Truffle Fries are a Divine Spiritual Experience!  Enjoy!!
1238	1	Excellent quality meats. I've been to many Korean BBQ in different states, but this by far the best Korean BBQ. Not to mention their prices are very reasonable compare to other Korean BBQ I've been to.  Definitely will be coming back here again and again.
1384	1	Was looking for some good American barbecue but stumbled upon this on yelp instead. The boyfriend loves Korean barbecue so so we decided to try it.  We didn't realize it was one of those places where you cook your own food at a grill and your table. It was such a pleasant surprise. The food was great, staff was friendly, place is clean and not too expensive. A fun and tasty experience!
1636	1	The best burgers in Las Vegas!   I lived in las vegas for three years before coming to burger bar and I wish I would have tried it much earlier. You are able to make your burger any way you want it, there are over 40 different toppings to choose from and you pick the meat, bun, and all the toppings you want.   I got the buffalo burger with caramelized onions cheese and bacon. It was amazing and cooked to perfection. A place that will actually cook a burger the way you want!   The sweet potato fries are great as well!   if you are on the strip or are just in the mood for a gourmet burger this is the place to go!
1930	0	Gone downhill recently. No 'fish' at the fishmonger - only cheap crab. Pasta chef never knew what basic dishes were and the selection all round was on the lower end of the scale.  I guess the Mirage hotel is trying to appeal to the budget customer and sets product choice to match.
777	1	LOVE this place.  Not only is it in my favorite Las Vegas hotel, The Cosmopolitan - but it exhudes that feeling of farmhouse crossed with Americanized swagger.  Walking in to a big cow at the front entry - you KNOW there is going to be some serious beef/meat here.  The menu is full of extremely inviting options.... right from the start.  You sit down to popcorn out of a tin, while choosing what to drink.  How a person can NOT have a milshake is beyond me.  And no, not for dessert.. but to start :)  Whether bam boozled or regular you cannot go wrong.  Remember all bam boozled shakes you can get without the liquor mostly, for 3 bucks less.  So.... even if you don't want the alcohol OR are still drunk from the daily festivities Vegas has to offer... you MUST get a shake.  Tiramisu, Vanilla, Drunken Monkey, Birthday Cake... grasshopper... all YUM!    Next is to decide on the main.  The salads are huge.  Everything is really.  The burgers are large and so so fresh.  Meat piled high on a fresh bun... with so many tasty toppings.  The steakhouse burger is amazing... although I could stand a few less black peppercorns.  The classic burger is even an smooth choice.  If you want a mountain of meat on a bun, they have that too.  OR if you are looking for something without beef... I guess that option is also available.  I don't think there would be a bad option - and I love finding out :)  The fries are okay... the sweet potato fries are better..  You can watch TV while in there... you'll get great service... and you surely won't be disappointed.  And truly the prices aren't THAT extreme considering you're in The Cosmo on the Strip in Las Vegas!
1276	1	Second only to In and out, Hubert Keller's Burger bar is a top burger joint.  Ive been there twice and have tasted four different creations of burger and they are all delicious.  I love how many different toppings you can choose, and they are all high quality ingredients.  You can go from really fancy (truffles, lobsters, Kobe beef) or just plain ol american.  Either way, it can form to any wallet.  If you dont want to choose your own ingredients they have pre-selected top burgers, the Blackjack burger was really good.  I thought the skinney fries were too overdone, but the sweet potato fries were good.  This time around we tried a milkshake, the Black and White one.  OMG milkshakegasm.  Delicious, creamy, chuncks of cookie dough and homemade chocolate whipped cream.  If that isnt you thing, I hear Burger Bar has the largest selection of beers on tap ON THE WHOLE STRIP.   The french man created the best over the top burger joint- good eats with a healthy dash of Vegas Flash.
1979	0	First off, it's definitely not worth the 2 + hour wait. Wait like a month or so to go when the hype is over. My friend and I, being locals, drove from Henderson to the strip to try White Castle out. My family is from the east coast so I've experienced it before, but my friend hadn't.  After our long wait, I ordered a combo with 4 sliders, a side, and a drink and I ordered the 10 slider pack to take back home to my grandma. My friend ordered 4 sliders, a side, and a drink. I received my order fairly quickly after ordering.  I ate my food and waited an extra 30 minutes before my friend got his. I order 10 more sliders than he did. He went up 3 times to ask what was taking so long and the guy calling out orders said he had his ticket there and he would call him. Still nothing. He finally went and asked the cooks and they made his sliders right then and there. I don't see what the problem was.  Also, two of my sliders had a pickle and two didn't. The fact that they are already inconsistent is pretty bad.
1682	0	Everything looks much better than it tastes. This place is "meh" at best. I recommend loading up on mimosas prior to braving MGM's buffet (if you're compelled to eat here like I was, because it was bundled in the price of your room.... Or if you're involved in some kind of Fear Factor dare).   Stay away from the eggs, taquitos, fish, and pretty little single-serving desserts! I'm not sure if I'll be able to get up from my chair... It feels like I consumed a hockey puck... Made of lead... Ugh...
234	0	I visited serendipity 3 during Christmas week with my family and we expected to wait a long wait to be seated. But as went up to the hostess she greeted us horribly and in an awfully rude way she told us it would be a 45 min wait, and asked us for our phone number so she would text is when there was an opening available. She never texted us to let us know. When the next family behind us went to make their reservation the hostess greeted them in a nicely manner. After we decided to order from their outside stand, we ordered vanilla and the lady told us she ran out of vanilla but the next guy behind ordered vanilla and she gave it to him. She was also very rude about not having vanilla. We were visiting the Bay Area, California and that is all I wanted a nice experience at Serendipity like john cusack had on serendipity but no that did not happen and my first time experience at serendipity was ruined.
1154	1	This places is fantastic!!  Erin was our server for b'fast last Saturday and she was great!  Good prices, great food and very friendly.  We went twice over a 2 week tour of NV and CA. Would highly recommend going here to get away from the hustle and bustle of the Strip!
1921	1	*Gordon Ramsay fangirl alert*  I've been itching to try this place for a very long time, and it didn't disappoint!  I was told that the Farm Burger was the best, and after reading the description for myself and seeing that this burger involves duck bacon and a fried egg, I was sold. That was one darn good burger!  We didn't get any fries, and instead opted for the milkshake. NO REGRETS! (and I love me some fries...)  The creme brulee milkshake was heavenly! We also got the Oreo and Banana Shakes... they were both good, but my favorite, hands down, is the Creme Brulee milkshake! Get it, you won't regret it!  So switch out the fries for shakes, if you need to make a choice.  Service was great. Our server was cool, but I don't understand why they just leave their iPad menus on the table after taking an order. It was a little stressful with a toddler at the table, because we were afraid he would order something accidentally.  Aside from that, all was good! I would love to come back!
363	0	My wife and I enjoyed the one in New York so we wanted to try this one. The wait was only 20 minutes so it wasn't bad. We have two young boys so we asked if we can have a booth but the hostess said that she didn't have a server. But right after she sat us, she sat three parties into the booths. WTF!? The server that was serving is also serving the booths.  Our food order came out after the two parties that were behind us. My wife ordered the Chinese chicken salad and we got the kids sliders. The food was blah. I probably will not come back.
1121	0	WAY too expensive for what you get! Got the steak and eggs for $20 literally finished it in 5 bites! The steak was TINY, OVERCOOKED, & FLAVORLESS. Gotta say I was a fan of the lychee mimosa but it was way more juice than champagne. I would save the money n go somewhere else like Earl of Sandwiches!
64	1	This is the first of 3 reviews I will hopefully post for Thomas Keller's Restaurants.  While probably the least popular of his culinary trifecta of Bouchon (vegas & yountville), French Laundry, and Per Se, starting off with this restaurant is nothing to be ashamed of.  If you scroll down to Seth W.'s review, I was also in his party of 12 that drank the absinthe and easily had one of the best dining experiences of my life, with good food, good drink, and excellent company.    The first thing that showed me this is a quality restaurant was the excellent, attentive wait staff.  Starting off with a very knowledgeable waiter (who else can explain why castrated chicken is more tasty and juicy?), to a well-versed sommelier who taught us the history of absinthe, we were taken care of through the entirety of our meal.  We started off with an amuse bouche of salmon spread with salmon cooked a few different ways (smoked, pureed, etc.).  Had I known about this, I probably wouldn't have ordered the salmon tartare appetizer, as this tasted a little bit better.  The consistency was such that you could take a butter knife and spread it across the biscuit.  The salmon tartare starter had a similar taste, except it was surrounded by bits of hard boiled egg.  I can't say that it did or didn't complement the tartare well, but the amuse bouche was definitely better tasting without any extraneous tastes that the egg brought.  Never fear though, as I'm confident that I got the best main course of the table.  The Epaule de Porc is a braised pork shoulder with glazed root vegetables, celeriac remoulade & pork jus (quoted from the menu).  In everyday speak, this is the most tender pork that exists.  Saying that it melts in your mouth is an understatement.  Think about a warm tasty porky marshmallow that gives you feelings of the first time you made love, but not as short lasting.  That's about as close as I can put into words to describe this amazing dish.  Putting it in perspective, having this kind of amazing meal for under $100 in Vegas (not to mention in the Venetian) is quite a steal.
696	0	Yes another DAMN YOU PRICELINE on this one.  Ok sure it's a block from MGM Grand and the intersection to Excalibur and New York New York, but it's a loooooong block and so totally NOT on the strip.  The place reeked of cigarette smoke for a non-smoking room, paint was peeling, the rug had really creepy red stains... and walking through the lobby was a horror every single time.  On top of that when I checked in (with great effort to drag my butt into this place let me tell you) it took the guy in training 30 minutes to find my priceline reservation, going back and forth to a back room, getting the lady next to him for help... and on top of that I discover they charged me themselves so I paid double for the rooms!  Now I have to dispute the freakin thing.
778	0	Let's just get straight to the point...  Maybe I just ordered the wrong thing, but the ramen that they had there wasn't the finest I've had. It had me regretting my decision to get it and wanting the tan tan noodles that were next to me and the ceviche that was across the table. The broth was watery with some greasy in it. It was just too salty. I'll pass next time on the ramen and just get something....less complicated.
567	0	My beef isn't so much the  actual taste of the food it's more like the portion and cost.  I know, I know after all this is Las Vegas so everything is priced three times what it usually should cost. It is completely beyond me how people can charge this much for food. During this particular visit I arrived with seven other guests three of which were menly men (like these boys could eat). One of them even asked which is your largest meal and the waiter responded with Twenty Vegetable Fried Rice. Judging by it's miniture size I doubt it actually had twenty vegetables it was probably named that cause it cost close to twenty dollars!   Next up is the Rou Jia Mo Street Sandwich it is braised red pork in a chinese flat bread. It was tasty but a bit on the salty side and was almost half the size of my iphone!   Then my hunny and I split the Shrimp Mojo per the waiter's recommendation. It was packed full or flavor and mouthwatering good. It was $16 for eight pieces.  Again my complaint isn't towards the taste or quality of the food mainly the portions. The service was good we were seated within 10 minutes for a party of eight while other places had hour long wait times. The restaurant decor and arrangement was very chic and trendy. But after loosing my butt in the casino I doubt I'd be able to pay for a substantial lunch here!
1455	0	This was not at all a good example of lavish Vegas buffets. Even if you're staying at the MGM Grand, I'd go elsewhere for a brunch on the Strip. At least it's not expensive, but having breakfast and lunch here felt far too much like being at a regular old restaurant somewhere in the midwest. (Which I would totally do in the midwest... it's just not what I flew to Vegas to eat!)  The food itself was okay, but there was nothing unusual, and a pretty paltry selection overall. I'm glad I ate here at the beginning of my stay so that I could be gradually more impressed as the weekend went on.
881	0	Where do I start? We were seated at a table in the center the waiter seemed nice at first. He offered us a great coupon if we ordered a pitcher of sangria or margherita, and said it was a great deal. So we ordered the Margherita. We ordered the all you can eat salad and meat and added the seafood ( overcooked shrimp) and went to get our stuff from the salad bar. That's where it turned bad. The person tending was cleaning the dropped food off and pushing it back into the containers with his rag, seriously disgusting!!! So we skipped eating that. Our sad plates were never taken away, and fresh plates for our meat was never given. We had to use the salad plate, and pushed what little we had on them to the side. If my feet hadn't hurt so bad we would have walked somewhere else, but I needed the break. So we gave the meats a try... the shrimp was bland and chewy. The only 2 meats that came around were extra extra extra well done and disgusting. We were ready to walk out... so upset this was my birthday trip and dinner. He said oh you're done (after he had been lost in a portal somewhere, for quite some time) I replied yes I can't eat this stuff. We expected for a manager to come over... nope, that would be good service. Instead he brought us our bill and showed us what 20 &25% tip would be. Really? A tip for no service, bad food, lack of meat selection and a recycled salad bar? Seriously avoid this place at all costs. I have never done this before but I will be handwriting a letter to the management so they know just how bad this experience was. Overall: service: terrible Food : there aren't words to explain how bad it was both selection and taste Cleanliness :  horrid!  Pushing dropped salad bar items back into the containers on the salad bar. Can you even imagine what goes on behind closed doors?
1778	0	For the love of God, if you see this place....run.  My girlfriend and I were unfortunate victims of this restaurant.  Having just flown into Vegas from New York that morning, maybe we were jetlagged.  Maybe the brightly lighted fish tanks allured us.   But alas, the fates took us here and it ruined our entire evening.  We were walking around Caesar's Palace and saw advertisements.  "A noodle bar?"  It sounded quirky and interesting enough, an honestly delightful complement to all the other restaurant reservations we had made for the rest of our trip.  So we strolled in, after quickly reading a few Yelp reviews.  They weren't positive.  We had figured that perhaps some people were too harsh, and the reviews were mixed.  Well, I should have figured something was up when the person with the most check-ins for this restaurant was our hostess.   And it began.  Taking a seat, I couldn't help notice that as opposed to the normal restaurant attire of Vegas, most of the other patrons were wearing t-shirts, shorts, and swim trunks.  At 7 pm at night.  I shrugged it off, and looked towards my girlfriend who was trying to piece together the atmosphere as it was her first time in Vegas.  We trucked on and ordered.  The food arrived 5 minutes later.  Never a good sign, I've learned.  The pork buns themselves were okay..but horribly overpriced.  Our noodle dish however, left us in such disbelief that we called over the waiter. As opposed to its 22 dollar price tag, we had gotten lo-mein made with spaghetti.  In sheer disbelief, we called over the waiter as we had felt like we were massively gutted.   We had gotten a noodle dish so terrible, I would have gladly preferred to go to the local mall, and gotten food court lo mein.    Because we're troopers, we finished the meal and reached for our check.  Still hungry, we noticed that the price tag of the meal was 50 dollars.   For a small dish of what was lo mein, badly cooked chicken, and pork buns that practically defined mediocre.  It may have ruined our evening, but don't let it ruin yours.  Please avoid this place, and find any other establishment.  ANY OTHER PLACE.  This is a waste of your time, money, and honestly, is a blackmark on a pretty great hotel.   But hey, at least they have pretty fish.
1177	1	Shake shack really is bomb dot com! Everyone has been raving about this place because they had it in New York, and after trying it, I see why! The burgers are really good, with their special sauce. The patty tastes fresh. The buns are sweet buns. It's just a perfect concoction of deliciousness. I would say I like this better than In-n-Out. Only thing is, maybe I was really hungry because I wanted another one right after having my first burger. But I held back and ate crinkle fries instead. I was full in the end but I will want to try the Shroom burger next time. Shakes are also good by the way!   Try this if you come to Vegas!
503	0	2 stars for the atmosphere. That's all they get. I love the rose pedal bathtubs at the entrance, and the pink boxes that the go go girls sat in to look pretty. Even though I am a female myself, I could not stop staring at those girls inside. It reminded me of those windows in Amsterdam's Red Light District.   My group and I hit up Lavo first, and then to TAO after the promoter gave us wristbands for free entry to both places. We were probably in TAO for a total of 15 minutes. There were so many people inside, it was so difficult to get through in the main room that everyone just lined the walls and went around. Halfway through, I gave up because I wasn't getting anywhere. My friend said that they weren't allowing anyone else to enter the dance floor, wherever that was.   Then we all left. Maybe it was because our heels were killing us, or maybe it was because we did not enjoy the vibe at TAO, maybe it was both. But for now, I am not going back to TAO.
1991	1	I agree with the other reviewers saying this being the best Thai restaurant. This is a must stop each time I come to Las Vegas. Yes, the location is not the best but it appears to be a little better than in the past.  It is not on the strip, but it is well worth the short drive as the line of customers arriving by taxi can attest.   It is not fancy, modern or nicely decorated, but the walls are filled with autographed pictures from the celebrities and famous chefs who have come here to eat.   The foodie magazine awards and reviews on the walls give you something to read while waiting for a seat.  Once seated be ready to listen to the advice from the waiters and be ready to absorb yourself in the wonderful food.  Most tries are the garlic prawns, Thai beef salad and fish and drunken noodles.  Too  bad this place is so popular because now it is harder to get in.
767	0	Hate to give it one star, but it truly deserves it.  I am accustomed to coming to Vegas and eating pretty decently, even on the cheap.  I was so sad that this place disappointed me so much especially being in Planet Hollywood.  First thing first, someone in our party tore a muscle in his leg the night before and was in a wheelchair.  The hostess asked him if he was drunk.  We were all so offended, he just wanted to eat.  Feed the man.  We come to the table and we aren't too sure who our server is because no one really introduced themselves.  First, a girl comes with water and spills all three waters, some of it landing on me.  Ice and lemons are all over the carpeted floor and they leave it there!  A gentleman takes our orders and comes back because he didn't write down our order and had to clarify.  I ordered the Corned Beef Hash and it was not a good idea.    Overall, bad experience and will not be back.
963	0	Horrible food, worst buffet ever. hire new cook s or update your menus w/better tasteful food. quality is poor but quantity is enormous. wanted to contribute rev to the hotel stays restaurants but i would never come here again at @$22+/pop for lunchtime.. do not waste your money, walk across the street for something better, you are in the strip.
278	1	Love this place!!!  Great curry!  We thought it would be a 45 minute wait for dinner and were seated within 15 minutes.  Really good service and fantastic food.  Have been here a number of times and every experience there has been consistent and enjoyable in every aspect.
802	1	his place has redeemed itself.   I was lucky to be seated right away since I was there all alone. My waitress Amanda was there immediately to see if I had any questions and to take my drink order. She has a warm smile and made me feel very welcome. I ordered the Texas toast French toast with eggs and bacon. It was delicious. I also ordered a side of toast for which she asked if I wanted it buttered which usually they don't so that was great. The eggs were perfectly over medium and they were actually seasoned. Amanda was very attentive and was sure that I was not in need of anything. I also had the banana nut muffin it was one of the best I've had in a restaurant, I am a bit partial to my own.  I will say the service through out was exceptional from the moment I walked in until I left even thought the register had trouble reading the card I had.   The food would definitely be worth the wait, and the service I experienced was above expectations for how busy the are. Give it a try if you haven't been
393	1	My brother and I can here to eat a Kobe Burger and it was pretty good for the price which was $16.  It was nice and juicy and yum yum yum it was so good I can still have that tastes. It came with fries as well. =)  Anyways it is a small place and we found this place out from Rachael Ray back when she was on the food network =)
237	0	My best friend from high schools little sister turned 21 recently so we all headed to vegas to some fun.  They all booked rooms here based on the pool, so I went on hotwire and booked a room for my boyfriend and myself.  While hotwire is all about not telling you what the hotel is they give you a map and its pretty easy to tell which hotel you will be in.  So that was all pretty easy.  I called them and specifically asked for a smoke free room with a king bed.  That was all pretty easy and nice.  Our room was in the West Wing, which is pretty reviled on yelp and I understand why.  While nothing was super bad about our stay, some things made it not a place I would pay to stay in again: -the valet, there are like 5 entrances to the MGM by car, but only one of them takes you to the valet. WTF -the west wing hallways are seriously dark and kinda skeevy looking -no mini fridges in the room -horrible cable, they have like 7 channels and 5 of them not in english -security came and scolded my friend for leaving the door to her room open while we were in it -the rooms have absolutely no sound proofing at all. you can hear everything in the hallway and in the rooms next to you.   -$15 a day for wifi.   -no robes -i tried to move the side table closer to the bed and it was super sticky, since we had just gotten there, that was pretty gross  MGM is supposed to be nice, but they obviously put all the people who purchase rooms on the internet in lame rooms with absolutely no amenities.  If I were to ever stay here again I would have to make sure it would not be in one of these rooms.
653	0	Pretty basic/average. Decided to hit at least one buffet before heading back home and this was the most convenient.  There were electronic pay machines, but you still need to wait in line. Not sure what the purpose of this really was since you still need to bypass the cashier anyways. Took us 30 mins to get thru the line.   It was still breakfast time, but as soon as we sat, they began serving lunch items. COOL!!!  Service was great and plates were picked up timely. There was a variety of foods items avail and I ended up getting three plates. One with breakfast items, meat items, and desserts (fruits, tarts and chocolate).  Omelet station was great, but a bit slow. There was a long line, but the guy was awesome and very friendly.   Overall, ehhhh buffet... It was convenient... $40 with tip...
452	0	Pretty disappointed with the food. The group I went with had a few huge Hooters fans so we definitely had to stop in for some wings. Unfortunately they were a huge let down compared to every other Hooters we have been too.  Cold wings that were more expensive than normal combined with a basically nonexistent waitress made it pretty unexciting
1621	1	Great authentic tasting New York pizza on the strip! Okay this place is not on the Cosmopolitan's directory or list of restaurants but it definitely is sought after especially during the wee hours and after a night filled of alcohol and dancing. As it is a "secret" pizza place and not listed on the directory you gotta know someone or look here on yelp to find it (it's near estiatorio milos). Just follow the line of people out the hall. They have tons of options and all are good. Yes it's a bit pricey for a pizza place ($11 for two slices) but it's on the strip and available late night and did I mention it's good? You can even call ahead for your order. A must is their white pizza!
559	1	Can you say the BeSt PiZzA eVeR!   If someone never told you about the secret pizza place you'd never know this place existed.  Luckily I came across a video on YouTube and had to give this place a shot.   When you find this place it's very small inside. Maybe enough to seat 4 or 5 people. The pizza is excellent and surprisingly not many were here.   Out of all the places we ate on our recent Vegas trip this was one of our favorite.
575	0	Literally in the middle of our meal right now & couldn't wait any longer to rate the experience... the best part of the meal was the music. The service was terrible, 2 of 5 orders were wrong, took 20mim to correct the order & food was average at best. Its quite unfortunate because we had such high hopes. The manager was "kind" enough to hear me out on my complaint, but his resolution was his business card, so that I could call him next time for a better experience.  But hey they have a nice view of the city...
1790	1	Obviously I was not disappointed! Me and my husband are obsessed with Hell's Kitchen so of course by some miracle I was hoping to see Chef Ramsey or Christina... maybe our next visit. The fury wings are soooo good! The sauce is spicy but sweet and who doesn't like blue cheese. The uber cheese burger is perfect.. and you have to try the gooey fries (we never wanted it to end) I would definitely recommend coming here and coming back. But I also want to try Ramsey's other restaurants in vegas.
1235	1	What a great place! Came here last night with a group of 8. The waitress split our bill for us didn't seem too thrilled about it but dealt with it. I ordered the Bulgogi burger and it was probably the best burger ive ever had. Juicy, spicy, sweet delicious. Had a fried egg and kimchee on it. Weird but definitely worth it. Also an order of onion rings. Although pricy when they came out there was a huge plate of them and they were perfectly crisp and totally yummy.  Others had plain burgers, salad, Philly cheese steak spring rolls. Everyone left happy and full. Oh, did I mention milkshakes?
1564	0	Asked to sit outside on Las Vegas Boulevard strip side, noticed 9 open tables there on entry.....nazi hostess said we will sit you on back patio.   I mentioned open tables where i wanted to sit she said ok, you can wait 45 minutes and sit there.  What?   F u serendipity. Found about a thousand other pleasing restaurants 50 feet away.
52	1	This is my favorite place to order Huevos Rancheros. I like that it's made with crispy tortillas and every thing about it is delicious. The very best I have had. The sauce is outstanding! This is not an ordinary Huevos Rancheros. Not typical at all. Try it. Even the employees rave about it.
225	0	This place is very very over hyped in my opinion. Came here because most of the buffets in Vegas had already cut off their lines and my friends have been wanting to give it a try. The dining wait was about 45 minutes and by this time, we were all already too hangry to wait so we ordered in the outside togo/patio area instead.   I got myself a bacon cheeseburger and fries. My burger was very bland and had no flavor at all. The meat wasn't even juicy, just dry. :( The fries were mediocre at best. I did try some of my friend's frozen hot chocolate (which is what they're famous for), and it was probably the best thing I had.   Probably best to only grab the frozen hot chocolates here!
893	1	"I'm so glad we did this, baby," are the words my husband said as we were leaving the Paris after celebrating our anniversary here. We did not order appetizers but we enjoyed the variety of breads offered to us. The wine selection is significant and they can make any cocktail you would like. My husband had the Beef Wellington and I had the bone-in rib eye. Both were cooked to perfection. I ordered my steak medium plus. It was very tender and perfectly seasoned. I think it's the best steak I've had!The beef Wellington comes medium rare and can be cut with a butter knife! It definitely exceeded our expectations. The fingerling potatoes were a bit garlicky but the Mac and Cheese was excellent. We ordered coffee with desert and that was an event! The coffee is made with a French press and comes with "ABC" spoons. The spoons are covered in chocolate and each contains a liquor ... Amaretto, Baileys, and a Cordial (raspberry). We had to try the Sticky Toffee Pudding cake and brown butter ice cream after reading the reviews. All I can say is "Wow!!" It was delicious!! This can definitely be shared. Our server was Lomberto and Ryan was helping. They were extremely attentive! Whatever we wanted, Lomberto would make it happen. He really helped to make this a memorable experience.  I highly recommend Gordon Ramsey Steak if you're in Vegas. If you're local ... You gotta give it a try!!
1740	1	The wife and I went here for lunch one day. It's tough to find (hence the name), but worth the trip, especially if you're nearby the Cosmopolitan.  She had the white pizza, and I had the sausage and banana pepper.  We want back for seconds.   It's a walk-up counter to order, and you can either get the order to go, or they have a few bar-type seats there.  After you order, they warm your slice in the oven for a few minutes, and call you out when it's ready.   It is affordable, of good quality, with friendly and efficient service.  I will definitely return on my next visit to Sin City.
552	0	We stopped in for a quick dessert and cup of coffee and it was anything but quick. The staff was not very friendly and the wait was simply unacceptable. 20 minutes for a piece of mediocre chocolate cake. I am willing to wait in a long line and pay extra for good service and great food, but not this. Don't waste your time and money!
1075	1	Had so much fun at Lotus of Siam - a unique experience when compared to the celeb-chef loaded, overpriced spots on the strip that's definitely worth the cab ride out.  It's low-key, no need to get dressed up, and they're dead serious about reservations - will only hold your table for 5 minutes. Obviously, they're masters of tom yum soup - and any other variety.  I ordered mine mild, because I'm a baby, and they obliged - but one of my companions ordered "insane spicy" and they certainly did that too - he was in a lot of pain.  The crispy rice with pork and scallions absolutely rocks - one of my favorite thai dishes I've ever tried.  Broad drunken noodles, red curry, and a whole fish rounded out the meal.  Such a fun experience, highly recommended.
137	1	The ambiance sells this place. Old school Vegas lives here. Reason enough to visit.  The lounge is a great place. Sit around the fire in water and enjoy the blue neon glow. Wait staff varies. I have been to this place many time spanning 2 decades. I love the joint but the waitresses are hit and miss. Often a miss. My recent visit she was pretty slow both speed and on the uptake. Bartender is good though and again, the place is just cool to visit.   Restaurant side is also a visual splendor. Food is "OK". Edible but you are not going to leave saying "wow great food". Unless all you care about is portion which 90% of the tourists seem to fall into (large eating large).   I would tell anyone to visit both restaurant and lounge side for an experience the rest of Vegas has lost. Great date spot.  For movie buffs the scene in Casino were Sam and Ginger are sitting having a drink and she returns to be asked "any change" ... that's the Peppermill lounge.
628	0	This restaurant was definitely quite pricey for the quality of food they serve. The food was mediocre at best, with the highlight being the free hot fudge sundae (we had a coupon). The food was incredibly heavy and honestly, didn't feel much better than your local Olive Garden/Cheesecake Factory. This place is kind of crowded, especially on weekends and you definitely have to make reservation at least a day ahead of time (don't know why, nothing so great here).  The service was also very odd. Our waitress changed her attitude very clearly after we decided to not order alcoholic drinks. Not only that, she was serving a table next to us and she was definitely speaking to them inappropriately about something, telling the other table that they should not be doing certain things due to the fact that she will get in trouble for it (waiters should not be saying this to customers). She also went into a long-winded story with them about how she got into trouble. She spoke incredibly loudly and even in the loud restaurant, I could hear her from when she was serving the other table near us. This definitely made us feel very uncomfortable there.  Probably won't come back again, since there's plenty of other awesome restaurants in Vegas.
1885	0	I needed a place to sleep for the night in a pinch, so I booked a room here without reading some of the negative reviews.  Bad idea!   First off, the room was very old with dirty carpeting.   The wannabe flatscreen TV was there as a fixture because its quality was horrible.  Internet connectivity was not free, but available for $13.99 / 24 hr.  Given my experience of how crappy the speed of the internet was at a previous stay at another crappy Hilton property, I opted to not sign up and use my iphone instead.    Lastly, you need to buy ear plugs if you want to sleep at this place because you can hear the elevator rumbling up and down all night long!   It was like staying at a train station!   The room was also very stuffy with an odor of cigarettes and some other junk.    Since I just needed a quick 6-7 hour of sleep and was so tired, I just put up with all this crap.  Otherwise, I would've never stayed here for more than one night.   Overall, it was a very old, stuffy, and noisy hotel and I would not recommend a stay here unless you're super tired and ready to pass out.    The horrid condition of this hotel reminds me of a skanky billionaire inheritant coochi.
1656	0	Totally overrated!  We order green tea frozen hot chocolate, and it is not HOT. Isnt it supposed to be HOT? or am I just taking it too literrally?  Also for the strawberry sundae, it was meehhh. Nothing special, really.  And their service is sooooooo slow.
869	1	I'm disappointed by a lot of breakfast joints, but this one was AMAZING.  If I could I would eat here everyday.    I ordered the Sage Chicken and Waffles, the portion was literally bigger than my head and was the best tasting chicken and waffles I've ever eaten.  Also, the waffles were stuffed with full sized strips of bacon.  Disclaimer : Everything brought to the table was dressed with a sprig of sage, so maybe sage is just their thing, but it's delicious.
387	1	I came to this place with pretty high expectations. Let me tell you what... they did not disappoint!! Our server was extremely helpful and explained the menu thoroughly. I'm not going to explain the entire menu but we began with the Jalapeo Onion Pedals and Zucchini Fries. Man were they delicious. They sound like typical bar food, but these were done right. Perfectly crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Not too greasy and not a hint of sogginess.   I opted for the "build your own burger" option.  Chose the Angus Beef, sesame seed bun; topped with: smoked gouda, bacon, over easy egg, lettuce, tomato, onion, and of course TUFFLE MAYO. The truffle mayo was absolutely amazing and is a MUST when you check it out. It takes a special kind of mayo for me to dip my fries in there. I've never in my life dipped my fries in mayo... but I wiped that shit clean.   My girl got the same except Ciabatta bread and caramelized onions. Instead of the mayo she got the Chipotle Aioli. Also very good.   Lastly, I got the Vanilla Shake with Heath bar and Cookie Dough. The shake was really good as well. I'm not a big shake person and honesty I can't remember the last time I've had a shake... but this one was definitely memorable.
1620	0	The front desk girl took our name and said it would be 10 mins, she suggested we wait at the bar. 45 minutes later and 4 margaraitas later, we noticed so many more people were being seated. As I walked up to her to see what the deal was, she said she was just coming to get us. Yeah right. Anyway, our waitress was great. Food was typical American Mexican....tacos, burritos, etc. Nothing too fancy, and nothing worth noting here. We were in a hurry so we chose this place on a whim...we will plan better next time.
112	1	Everytime I'm in Vegas I have to eat here. I always order the farm burger and the jalapeo poppers this this is the second time I have the hod burger and first time was good but plain. They now made it much better and now preffered over the farm burger. Not comes with jog patty, hog bacon and hog bbq pulled hog with so much melty cheese
76	1	I don't eat much Thai food.. came here purely because of the hype from online reviews, and realizing I've never been to a Thai restaurant with such acclaim.  Plus this was one of the few times I had a rental car available when visiting Vegas.  Fresh and marinated raw prawns with chili paste.. what a great and unique dish. The serving came with 8 large shrimp that I shared with dining companions, but I could have polished off a plate of these.  I also loved the crispy fried duck served with a congac based curry.  Again, another unique dish to me and I couldn't get enough.  We had other dishes that I can't complain about, but these two were clearly the standouts.   One thing I would mention, the spice level was not nearly as high as I assumed. We ordered "medium" and my next go round i would go high as I felt there wasn't much heat at all. That didn't take away from the fact that I really enjoyed my meal here.   Prices are very reasonable for what you get. This is a very good choice to take a break from the flashy casino dining.
1693	1	Bachi is an amazing find in Vegas. I am disappointed that I haven't tried it sooner! I went with a big group of people and they sat us very quickly. The ambiance in the restaurant is great. They have instrumental music on loop and the interior design is very simple, and modern.   There were many different choices that sounded very appealing to me, but I decided to go with Kiki's Burger and the Truffle Parmesan Fries. The Burger had an intense amount of flavor that my mouth definitely wasn't prepared for! The mix of fresh greens, mushrooms, bacon, onions, cheese and the garlic chili aioli was so flavorful that it left me wanting more and more after every bite. The Truffle Parmesan fries was definitely  a work of perfection.  Overall my first experience at Bachi was great. I would definitely come back to eat here again. I still have many, many more burgers that I want to try.
2	1	Secret Pizza is so much fun to take people to!  They do pizza exceptionally well...nice crispy bottom, chewy crust, great sauce.  It is not my all-time-favorite or anything, but on taste alone I'd hand out 4.5 stars.    Any two of the following puts it in a unique place that is well deserved of 5 stars for me:  It is called Secret Pizza for a reason, there are no signs; it is not located on the restaurant listing for the Cosmopolitan. Walking down the hall to a hidden gem is half the fun!  Then there is the fact that you can get a quality IPA on tap.  The wall of records is is incredibly cool, and the black & white tile fits so perfectly.  Pizza + secret + atmosphere + IPA = an easy 5 stars in my book.  I will take out-of-town friends here anytime, but i'd also stop in for a slice if I was anywhere near the cosmo!
300	1	This place has 4.5 stars from 700+ reviews and it doesn't disappoint! The service is friendly and fast. The restaurant is clean and inviting with fun pop music playing in the background but most importantly the food is SO GOOD!  I highly recommend the Korean Kalbi - for $9 you get a generous portion of high quality, thickly sliced and deliciously seasoned meat. It was so good my girlfriend and I immediately ordered a second plate once we were done. The shishito peppers and mushroom medley were also amazing. Hell, everything we ordered was fresh and delicious and tasted amazing off the grill. Heck even the rice was really good and I'm Picky about rice so that's saying something.  We also ordered a bottle of soju to share (Jinro Chamisul) and it was the perfect drink to go with the meal.  My only complaint is that they do charge you for the sesame oil which is usually free in most korean BBQ places. But for the amazing prize, potions and quality of food who is complaining?  I would fly back to Vegas just to eat here ;) this place definitely was a huge highlight of my Vegas trip.
1812	1	Fancy burger joints are part of the Vegas scene these days.  One, in particular, is known not only for its gourmet burgers w/ an Asian twist, but also for its local ties:  Bachi Burger.  Owner & Food/Beverage Director, Lorin Watada, is a transplanted local (Iolani grad) who now lives in Vegas. His cooking stints included Alan Wong's, Sheraton Hotels, Kahala Mandarin Hotel, & some 7  1/2 years as Corporate Chef w/ Roy's Restaurants, before opening  2 successful Bachi Burger locations in Vegas. The 1st location, just south of the Strip, opened in May 2010 in what was formerly a Dunkin' Donuts location in Windmill Plaza; the 2nd location opened in April 2012 in Summerlin, western Las Vegas. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bachi-burger-las-vegas?select=fIhDPCnCFfkcOHHi-jOJ3Q   Having local ties, it is then not a surprise that the reasonably-priced burgers & food are prepared w/ Pacific Rim/Asian influences. Quality burgers are made from Wagyu & Angus beef (price range from $7.50 for an Angus beef burger to $26 for Wagyu beef/foie gras); steamed sandwiches (Peking duck in bao, pork belly); fish sandwiches; & even a Vietnamese "ban-mi" sandwich.  The sandwiches are served w/ Asian-inspired flavors & ingredients commonly found in Hawaii, e.g., miso goma dressing, shiitake, kalbi marinade, kimchee, furikake, lemongrass, hoisin mayo, mizuna, lup chong, unagi, & others. There are also appetizers & salads, w/ one of their popular dishes being the Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries served with chili aioli & a fried egg. As much as possible, ingredients are natural, organic, & sourced locally.    We loved the delicious burgers, as the flavors of the various ingredients just complemented each other. We had:  - Miyagi-san Grass Fed Wagyu Burger ($13.50). Came w/ chili mayo, fried egg, furikake, carmelized bacon, crispy onion rings.  There was no way you could eat this burger, or any of the other burgers, w/ the sandwich in your hand. I had to slowly dissect it to make it smaller; the onion rings were perfect crispy w/ a flavorful batter. The Wagyu beef just melted in my mouth & was so delicious w/ the egg, bacon, & furikake. The hamburger bun was also a winner - fresh Taiwanese sweet bun that is rich, buttery, & chewy w/ a nice shiny glaze on it. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bachi-burger-las-vegas?select=ca3W5wdhrSem8ERFXnjI3g    - Spicy Miso Burger ($10.50). Came w/ red onion, Shishito pepper, mayo, lettuce, roasted garlic, cheese, fried egg, apple vinaigrette. Lots of flavor in this slightly spicy burger from the sweet, green, &slightly spicy Shishito peppers; bold & salty flavors from the miso; & a sweet, tangy oil/vinegar flavor from the vinaigrette. The same Taiwanese bun was used to make it even more flavorful. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bachi-burger-las-vegas?select=6pgTs0isXtKI5nXRLSfe3g   - Salt & Pepper French Fries ($4). Garnished w/ slices of hot Jalapeno peppers, Maui onion sea salt, & garlic chili aioli & served in a classy stainless steel cone. Thin fries that are perfectly fried, crisp on the outside & moist on the inside, & seasoned perfectly.  The aioli was perfectly spiced & creamy for easy dipping; we also enjoyed dipping them in a tasty pineapple-tomato ketchup. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bachi-burger-las-vegas?select=I6fySTopYSja57efTht35w   The restaurant's name, "Bachi," takes on a dual meaning:  a shortened version of the word "hibachi" which is a style of grilling; & a Japanese term meaning karma, i.e., to treat others how you would like to be treated & implied in a negative way. (I assume the name is more in line with the grilling aspect rather than negative karma.)  Service was adequate for this clean, contemporary 75-seat restaurant w/ exposed pipes on the ceiling to give the dcor an industrial look. There are stylish recessed & track ceiling lights hovering over classy dark wood tables. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bachi-burger-las-vegas?select=KJAhWE22AH5ShHamqwWWOQ   Bachi Burger was featured on the Food Network on Diners, Drive-Ins, & Dives w/ Guy Fieri. This stint has helped to generate the crowds that it has been attracting.  I would love to return to try their other burgers/sandwiches/sides. Hawaii residents will love the Asian twist to these burgers/sandwiches, as the ingredients are all too familiar here.  A must-do for Hawaii residents traveling to Vegas or better yet, maybe a Bachi Burger in Hawaii?
582	1	Probably my favorite pizza in all of Sin City. Secret Pizza is great, and it's not just because the pizza is stellar. The staff is nice and there's always some entertainment in the form of drunken twenty somethings if you're into people watching. Try the white pizza...it's life changing.
162	1	It can be a long wait but it is definitely worth it!  I've been here twice on Saturday's and usually wait between 15-30 minutes and that was for 2 people.  Can't remember what I got the first time but I know I enjoyed it because I came back for seconds. The service is great, and they even have these placards on the table to let your server know you need service instead of being that person to flag them down. Very useful. Highly recommended!
401	0	The staff was definitely friendly and helpful.  The menu items were indeed intriguing, with catchy names like "Swallow a Cloud", and "When Pigs Fly".  There are a few foods here (like the signature Rou Jia Mo Street Sandwich) whose ingredients I couldn't quite decipher (maybe braised pork belly with char siu???) nor find in another restaurant.  And they have a fried quail/rose petal menu item called "Like Water for Chocolate"! (I'm a fan of the movie).  However, the overall taste was disappointing.  The pork filling in our street sandwiches was salty (even when eaten with the bread).  "Swallow A Cloud" (which was really just a wor wonton noodle soup) was also salty, and I thought that my favorite Chinatown restaurant did a better version (cheaper too).  When served with tea, we were advised to give it a few minutes to brew... I wish I ignored it because by the time I poured it out, it was too bitter.  The lunch was very expensive compared to the experience I got.  I don't mind paying $30/person for lunch, but I think I deserve to be guaranteed at least a satisfying dining experience at that price.  PS: Even though I was a fan of "Like Water for Chocolate", I decided not to order the namesake dish after tasting the foods they started serving us.  It was about $15 to the already bloating check and I didn't want to risk another possible disappointment.
930	1	My boyfriend loves Gordon Ramsay, so it was a must that we try his restaurants when we visited. The burgers are quite pricey here, but definitely worth it. We came here twice during our stay in Vegas and both times, the service & food was amazing!  On both occasions, we had a 15 - 20 minute wait. Others may have to wait longer, but it is worth it.  We ordered the Farm Burger & Hell's Kitchen Burger along with a few sides. The meat melts in your mouth. I would suggest ordering med-rare with a side of jalapeno poppers & truffle fries. They are to die for!  You will not be disappointed. If I am ever in Vegas again, this will definitely be a stop I will have to make.
79	1	The service was awesome; very fast, helpful, cheerful, and polite! And the food was absolutely delicious. I visited this place twice during one visit to Vegas bc I couldnt get enough of it :) My favorite was the Drunken Sea Bass, Red Curry, pork larb, and the mint duck... all reasonably priced. I know thai food and this is it, yum.
859	1	came here twice on my honeymoon.  such a delicious breakfast.  hard to go wrong here.  especially when you order the lyonnaise potatoes on the side.  the strawberry croissant is so delicious, i am still thinking about it.  luckily you can order it also at the separate bouchon bakery in the venentian.  love the quiche lorriane and the french toast.  it was all divine.
889	1	I love it. The charbroiled prawns were amazing, even with mouth on fire from the chilis (we got the spicy ones). Definitely order some of the northern Thai dishes the place is known for.  The only thing we got that was just average was the Drunken Noodles - I've had better elsewhere.  But even they were devoured by the end of the meal.  I will make this a must-eat on Vegas trips!
1729	0	Holy smokes what a poorly staffed restaurant. Taking into account this is one of MGMs premier resorts and the only 24 hour restaurant I was suprised at the bad service. The bbq bacon burger at $18 was good, but that price is legandary for a late night menu.   Speaking of prices they are pretty much out of control at this restaurant... $8 for a side of fench fries, $18 for a cobb salad, $13 for some chicken tenders?? Where are the late night deals? Most 24 hour cafes have spotty service but the food is cheaper and more varied. This place had high prices and service was lacking.  At abt 3am..when the club lets out one would think mgmt would staff correctly. Having only two servers take care of 10 tables each is just bad customer service. The food took abt 20 minutes, I actually fell asleep waiting for the check and fell asleep again waiting to be cashed out. It came to a point we were sure she walked out and we ended up walking to the front to pay. Low and behold there were 3 employees standing around. Never mind theres a line at the door,  half the restaurant is empty and cant be seated because there arent enough servers and checks are taking forever to get cashed out.   Place is awful and hardly worth the price.
1805	1	If you are looking for a standard burger, be warned, you will not find it here; the burgers here are upscale and Asian-fusion inspired.  This place is also a bit small, so get here early because it fills up quick.  The service here was great, and the food was even better - the pork buns we had for an appetizer were outstanding; as good or better than I've had elsewhere in Vegas.  The burger (I had the Miyagi-san) was great, although if I got it again I would leave off the fried egg. The salt & pepper garlic fries were amazing, as was garlic chili aioli that came with them (I could put that on cardboard and still enjoy it) - and just a note, the fries are big enough to share between two people.  You can tell Bachi Burger went out of their way to be a little different, and they have succeed, and impressively done it without being cheesy. If you're looking to spice up you're typical burger, you can't go wrong with Bachi Burger.
118	0	This has to rate as bad as the Stratosphere buffet, only worse because at least at Stratosphere someone will get you a soda, a refill, and clean up the area around your table.   I was so hungry and didn't feel like walking back to Mirage or Treasure Island, both of which have great food, excellent service, and reasonable prices. So in  a rush to get some food I settled for Flavors. Wow! What a mistake.   Upon walking up to the cashier to pay for my meal, all three cashier continued their conversation, looking at me, saying nothing to me, and talking for over 2 minutes. Finally I said "can I pay here to eat in this buffet" and they looked at me liked I had stolen their kid. Isn't the cashier at the buffet suppose to take your money. And from here it only gets worse.  The hostess seats me at table next to a 80 year old man that has no respect for the space around him, or himself. The piled plates, the newspapers scattered around his table, and the booth on both side of him covered in his thrown about newspapers. The hostess tells me to sit and leaves all the newspaper on my seat. I looked at her like she was crazy and she pushed the papers slightly for my butt to have a clear space.   From here... oh god, the food is disgusting. Fat and grizzle in the roast beef so bad you can't chew it. Old crusted over foods, and empty containers of food everywhere.   After I sit down and eat my food I finish my soda, I say to the waitress can you please get me a diet coke and water. She snaps back..."this isn't my section, I am off." Now she is clearing tables, and is dressed like all the other servers, and she is the only one in my area. So I say.."can you please find the person who is working I would like a diet coke and water." She says, "let me see what I can do."  A trip to get a wilted salad and over 10 minutes later I still have no soda. So I ask to see the manager. This buffet was $28. I have no problem with paying $28 to get a decent meal and decent service. Flavors is far from decent anything. Stay away it's a dump.
492	0	Bad bad bad bad bad  I only ate here because it was close by.  Came on a Saturday, we didn't really want the champagne, but they still charged us the $22 bucks for it.  The food, bleh. Tri-colored potatoes were too salty corn bread was super dry chocolate cake was more like a solid block of fudge The "cheese cake" was crap and multi colored Plus the lack of fresh fruit/vegetables.  Were all not ripe.  The only thing I remember that was good was the mashed potatoes.  And yay for cotton candy.  This place def was not the place for a vegetarian either, I pretty much just loaded up on junk food and carbs.  I'd have to say our waiter was really attentive and nice though.
606	1	Wow, was Lotus of Siam excellent! Wonderful service, the most extensive list of German wines I've seen outside of Germany (and what could go better with Thai food than German wine?) and outstanding food, the best Thai I've ever had. The northern Thai sausage was my favorite item, followed closely by the eggplant and mushroom appetizer. Lots of complex flavors expertly developed. My thanks to Anthony Bourdain for the recommendation.
1686	1	Just go here and try one of their burgers, you will not be disappointed!   We hit this on our way out of town based on my friend's recommendation and I am thankful we did. We shared a Kiki burger with an egg and truffle fries which were both bomb! Also ordered the pork belly slider which were damn good as well.   As Samuel Jackson said, "Mmmhmm this is a tasty burger"  Can't wait for them to open up in LA!
58	0	Came in with a party of 12 under a reservation. It took 50 minutes to place our order for food, after an hour seated we finally got our drink order. If you want a burger, one could literally butcher a cow, grind the beef, and cook it yourself faster than the "service" at this restaurant. One could probably drill a well for water faster than they brought it to the table, as well.
865	0	I found out WHERE NOT TO STAY in Vegas.  I expect a mistake or two and don't usually complain about anything minor but the Riviera Hotel seems to be the epitome of incompetence in the service industry.   First off, we booked a Deluxe Room with two double beds, since it was just me and my grown daughter. We had to wait in a long check-in line and the desk clerk told us and wrote down the wrong room number, so our keys didn't work.  The Bellman came up with our luggage and had to call downstairs to find out what was going on. We were supposed to have a room a few doors down. He let us in but we had to go back down 19 floors to the bell desk to get the right keys. I thought to myself, well if this is the worst thing that happens that's not too bad, even though I didn't see why they didn't bring up the keys themselves since they had screwed up.  We came here on a few days where there was record breaking heat for February.  The pool was closed the entire 3 days we were there but still got charged a $17.00 a night "Resort Fee". People were laying out in the sun in bathing suits but no one could go in the pool.  The first 24 hours:  The Deluxe two double bed room would've been fine. It wasn't too spacious, wasn't too small.  But nothing in the room worked.  I couldn't program the safe, it kept giving me an error code. I had to call security up to fix it. I have never had any problems in other hotels I've stayed with safes. Had to wait for security to fix it.  I noticed it was hot in the room and went to turn the a/c on. I saw a wrench icon blinking. The a/c was not working, had to call maintenance and have them fix it.  The TV remote didn't work most of the time, couldn't see if it needed new batteries, it was completely sealed. It would only work if you were standing about a foot away from the TV, so you couldn't even use it from the beds that it was right in front of.  Even in front of the TV the remote wouldn't work sometimes.  The WIFI only had 4 bars and would cut you off or wouldn't connect at all.  The shower drain was clogged. had to call maintenance again to unclog it.  Called the front desk to complain, They said they would upgrade us to a Deluxe One bedroom suite with two beds for free and it would be ready by 1:30 pm.  The Riviera had told me they guarantee all their rooms to be ready by 4 pm, but we spent nearly the whole day until after 4 pm waiting for the room to be "cleaned". We were starving and had to leave to eat once.  2nd & 3rd days:  Suite was nice and spacious. WIFI was non-existent, even though it showed 4 to 5 bars. One bedside lamp didn't work and curtain puller was broken. View was of the side of hotel and Circus Circus.  We had a DO NOT DISTURB sign on our door yet someone still knocked the next morning. TWICE.  We were leaving around 1 or 2 pm for the day and I called and specifically asked for maid service while we were gone.  I called Housekeeping directly, told them we would be gone but would like maid service. They said someone would be right over.  I left a tip in the gratuity envelope for the maid and placed it on the bar.  When we came back later that evening, the room hadn't been touched. Beds unmade, trash not emptied, etc.  I took the gratuity back out of the envelope and left a note that said basically "I called housekeeping and no one ever showed up so no tip for you".   One of the toilets kept running in the suite. I just got up and jiggled the handle, because it was loud. This happened a few times.  The night before we were going to leave, the safe we had been using with no problems for 2 days suddenly decided to throw up an error code with our valuables locked inside.  I had to wait for security to come up and bypass it again.  The valet and the bellmen were all nice. They received tips.  The lady at the fast food Mexican restaurant downstairs looked angry at the world and the food wasn't that great.  Wicked Vicky's was ok but too expensive for what you got.  On the day of checkout, I called the Bell Desk for help with our luggage and the bellman told me there was no one to check us out at the front desk. So I checked out over the TV system, and it said an e-mail would be sent to me. It didn't ask for an e-mail address so I assumed they meant the one they had sent 3 different confirmations to when I made the reservation.  When I returned home there was no e-mail. I called the hotel and they said they sent it to some e-mail that was close to mine but it was not right.  How is it they could send me 3 different e-mails before our arrival, yet screw up our e-mail address upon departure? I am wondering now if my credit card will be charged correctly as the charges are still "pending".  I can live with a few inconveniences, I do all the time.  I was sad to be leaving Vegas but happy to leave the Riviera, which is something I have never felt leaving a hotel (or motel) before.  They need some renovation and new management.  Poor service overall. Unapologetic about it too.
1946	0	Food tasted great, service was decent enough, soda was somewhat carbonated.  The biggest downside: girlfriend and I shared the nachos and we have been fighting off what feels like textbook food poisoning symptoms ever since we left. I mean within 20 minutes of leaving. Undercooked or old meat? I don't know. But it kind of ruined our Friday. Will not be back. Be warned!
62	1	The place is definitely hidden. First time I came here I wasn't sober enough to remember lol But I remembered enjoying the pizza.  The quality is good, I want to try all of their toppings! Order the one you want and they'll pop it into the oven for few minutes to warm it up :)  It's open super late so you can stop by for a late night drunchie after marquee. The price is very reasonable (especially in Cosmopolitan!).   There are more comfortable seatings outside. Look for the huge red couch!!!! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-cosmopolitan-of-las-vegas-las-vegas?select=nj_b27TPNvVtHKkqxo53oA#nj_b27TPNvVtHKkqxo53oA
896	0	This place sucks!  Ordered some beers at the bar waiting on a table to open outside, bartender was rude.  Get outside, waiter ok, but guy who brought our food was rude when he threw it on the table.  Waiter never came back to check on us after the food was ordered!  Love this place in the Bahamas but not in Las Vegas... No fun here! Stick to Senor Frogs in the Caribbean ...
1347	1	We had reservations at 5pm on a Friday. We wanted reservations at 6pm but couldn't get in. We were concerned it was too early but really had no choice. It turned out prefect because our server asked about our plans for the evening & we told him we had a show to catch at 9 so he planned the timing of our courses. They took their time & brought everything out at a prefect time! Loved it! That was so thoughtful of them!  I have to say we had the best time, meal & service at Gordan Ramsay Steak during our short stay in Vegas! The atmosphere was nice & dim even though it was a little loud in there. We had oysters on the half shell, foie gras, ribeye, lamb, truffle fingerling potatoes, asparagus, bone morrow & the sticky toffee pudding.   Oysters were prefect! There were 3 different kinds of oysters & it came with 3 different sauces to top off. The foie gras was amazing! It was our first time having foie gras. I've seen what it looked like but wasn't sure how the taste & texture was. We loved it & will definitely have it more often! The foie gras had a nice sear on the outside & it came with 2 small pop overs that had gooseberries & gooseberry sauce. It was delicious! Everything paired so nicely! The ribeye was cooked to perfection! There was a nice char on the outside from the grill & the inside was nice & medium rare, how we ordered it. It didn't come with sides so we ordered the truffle fingerling potatoes - it was just ok to me & the asparagus -this was delish! Cooked perfectly! The lamb came with 1 lamb chop, a small Shepards pie, roasted carrots & mashed potatoes. Loved everything except the pie was too salty for me. The bone morrow was just ok. I've had better. I didn't care for that green sauce on top. Not even sure what it was. The dessert, sticky toffee pudding was to die for!!!!!! It was like a small cake & they poured toffee sauce on top & it came with brown butter ice cream shaped like a stick of butter. Heaven!! Soooooo good! The coffee came in a french press & they even provided 3 complimentary chocolate spoons (had alky in it) to stir into your coffee. I passed on that since I'm pregnant but hubby tried it. Be careful, he said it was pretty sweet so you might not want to use all the chocolate.  Very pricy but definitely a must try, at least once.
314	1	My husband and I absolutely love bachi burger! We have made it a tradition for the last three years to make this a mandatory stop on our way back home to SoCal from a Vegas trip. We have only been to this location and every time we have the best experience. The customer service is great and the food is top quality! We always put in at LEAST 2 orders of the pork belly steamed buns (bao). Yesterday, I tried the black garlic Tonkostu ramen. They have a separate ramen menu. Anyways, the ramen was amazing of course. We always leave happy and full whenever we come here. It's always a special treat that we look forward to.   Check out the article my husband wrote on this amazing food establishment: http://www.gravegoodssociety.com/blog/sin-city-pleasure-bachi-burger-shoku-ramen
1322	1	Oh my god! Best breakfast/brunch I've had in my life! Everything was traditional american breakfast fare with a twist. The presentation of the food is quite amazing, and the taste is just as much. Bring an appetite to this place, because the portions are no joke, and chances are you'll be able to share.
624	1	i love all things french. i love bouchon. i came here for the first time last summer and ordered a million things for dinner and everything was delish. this time i came for brunch and ordered a million things such as the bread pudding french toast, an order of sausage, and the pomme frites. the atmosphere is very chic french bistro, the music is good, the pricing is reasonable and the food is awesome.
1902	0	Would not come back to this buffet again. When deciding to eat at this buffet, we figured that it would more or less be on par with other casino buffets around the same price. I really do not think that's the case anymore. The dinner wait time alone lasted for over an hour, and even the sheer hunger that derives from standing in line couldn't make the food taste much better.
1681	1	I had a Birthday Cake Milkshake at Sugar Factory years ago and it was amazing.  Ever since they have not been great (supposedly they cannot get cupcake syrup or something anymore so they use vanilla), and I had felt deprived.    Once I found Holsteins, that was no longer an issue. Do yourself a favor next time in Las Vegas and go to this place and get the Birthday Cake Milkshake (has Vodka).  The price was similar to Sugar Factory (and this one has Vodka) and it was better.  We have had food there that was great too, most notably the fried pickles.    Ever since going to Holsteins the first time, I have gone back on every trip to vegas (for the shake).  I imagine I will continue this ritual forever.
1623	0	unfortunately all the bad reviews lived up to the hype...being that it was my first time here it certainly will be my last, let's just say sizzler has a better buffet than here, the only thing that probably saved my not so great experience was the chicken dish and that was it, everything else was just screaming  cafeteria! Please don't waste your money
755	1	I took my girlfriend here for our one year anniversary last night. It was my first time there, but I had always heard great things about this place, so I figured I'd share this as another first with my girl and I'm glad I made that decision. There's a lounge where you can just sit and have a drink by the fire (the drinks were awesome!) And the cocktail waitresses were so nice. After a few drinks, we walked over to the dining room, which had a 50's retro feel. Our server Samantha was so nice. If you're looking for a nice place to go to for chorizo and eggs, pancakes, or any other feel-good food, come down to this place and enjoy!!
795	1	I love love this place.  This is must go to whenever Im in Vegas. I have had the Kiki burger and bahn mi burger. I got them protein style.  They were both delicious and fresh.  Their sweet potato fries and sauce it comes with is really good too. I cant wait til they open up in Santa Monica!
47	1	It's the place to get a burger.  It's a tradition for our group of friends when we visit Vegas to head over to Burger Bar for dinner.  Build your own burger with best ingredients.  Sides are good too.  100% of the time I've gone to Burger Bar, my burger is cooked perfectly the way I order.  For fresh fancy burgers, medium rare is the way to go in my opinion.  Plus, this week when went, for the 1st time we ordered the Kobe Burger to see what the hype was about.  YUM.  Kobe Burger lives up to it's hype for sure.  (oh and once, a friend ordered veggie patty and vinaigrette salad, she wasn't super happy with her meal).  Burger Bar = stick w/ the burgers.
1383	0	Used to go there often not so much since Shawn Eiferman isn't there playing music anymore. Food is ok, there used to be such a fun vibe that all the visitors would get into the action but now they have a guy from the Voice there and he is just kind of an arrogant guy and the drummer is a jerk.  Too bad they let Shawn go he was the showman, we follow him around Vegas and have for years and take our friends to hear him too. He is an entertainer that fills the house.
1465	1	I built a burger. An wow it was delicious! The Kobe was amazing! My husband got the bison burger an he said it was one of the best he's had. The onion rings were out of this world good as well as the fries! It was our first time being here so we will definitely be back to get a burger fix when it comes along again!
1264	1	Honestly what better way to combat a hangover in Vegas than a cheesy pizza loaded with meats and veggies...hot and ready to order? Yeah, nothing. This review wont be long I swear...because I want you guys to just find this place....on the 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan...exit out the elevator to your left...then quickly to your right...spot the hallway after the Jaleo Restaurant and make a right down the hallway..... and see the glorious yet tiny SECRET PIZZA place. It's everything your heart desires. Whatever you want, order it- This place is where dreams come true. I was craving a good pizza place, absent of the fancy Vegas pretentiousness and I found it. Made to order. Orgasmic. You gotta do it guys...
1937	1	Be ready to WAIT for your food. They cook everything from scratch. That said everything is gigantic and amazing. I have been to hash-house a-go-go several times with family and friends in vegas and it never fails to:  a. Take a long time. b. be absolutely amazing and worth the wait.    highlights include: all of their burgers, massive omelets, and fried chicken and waffels.    i hear there is a new location on south strip but i ve only ever  gone to the one on west Sahara. good thing to do on the way to or from red rock.
215	0	Screw Planet Dailies....  My experience??? Horrible and all the people with me would really agree...  We came in really late...ok I get it but this is Vegas and there was no one else in there so there really was no need for us to wait a half an hour to get some water...that is just horrible service. Then the food took ages...Seriously a sandwhich and some ramen does not take that long to prepare...The food is mediocre at best and the service is just horrible. Perhaps it is better during the day but I wouldn't know just dont ever go after clubbing or bar hopping you will likely die of hunger and thirst before your waitress takes your drink order.  Despite the bad service we tipped well considering the time...but I will not go back.
811	1	If I could eat their Fried Chicken Benedict ever day I would.  It was incredible.  Loads of fried chicken, eggs, mashed potatoes, and biscuits were piled on this plate and covered with the most amazing sauce.  It is easily large enough for 2 average people to share (Or one really really hungry person to attempt).  This thing was a monster.  I was starving when i went in, and I love to eat.  I consider it one of my greatest skills.  This plate of food was too much for even me to handle (but it was so good I kept eating until I hated myself).    The restaurant itself was nice and the bar area where we ate was pretty quite.  Definitely will be back the next time I am in Vegas.
444	0	I'm really surprised by all the positive reviews of this place. I had 3 tacos: barbacoa, carnitas, and a cochinita. We also ordered guacamole for the table.   The tacos are literally street tacos. The ones you can finish in 2 bites. I didn't think any of the tacos had much flavor or kick to it. Being priced at $5.50/taco, this is absurd!  The guacamole you can rave about, but it is $15 for a small order. Really? We needed two for our table.  I don't even consider this place a fusion. It just serves both Mexican or  Chinese food on the menu.  This is my first Jose Andres restaurant and probably my last.
641	0	Booked a stay for two nights here and I am checking out tomorrow but I was no where near impressed. Payed twice what I should have for half of the experience. Room was nicely located with a great view of the High Roller and LINQ hotels but that did not make up for the poor quality of the room. First of all, my room was not ready for check in until three hours after planned, and I found this out after waiting in a very long registration line. Secondly, the room was not dirty, but could have been taken care of a little more. It was nice having a big TV to fall asleep with but the furniture was very minimal with no refrigerator. Housekeeping did not show, and the door to all of the rooms on our floor have no stopper, so they constantly slam all night and day. Overall, I would say that this stay was not quite what I expected.
325	1	This restaurant blew me away!  Everything was presented well and tasted just as amazing.  Being a Masterchef fan, I had to come to a Gordon Ramsay restaurant and experience what he is all about.  I saw the kids on Masterchef Junior cook the famous beef wellington and had to have me some myself.  I immediately booked a reservation for my family on Thanksgiving.  A holiday will gave me a justified reason to be completely gluttonous and gorge to the max.  First off, Steak is located in the Paris hotel.  Just look for the big red sign.  At the hostess desk you will check in, and grab some cool matches :)  You are then seated in the bar to wait for your table.  We were then escorted upstairs to a cool booth with a great view over the entire restaurant.    When you are ordering the waiter will bring over a table with every cut of steak they serve and describe the marbling, texture, and flavor of each piece.   The bread plate is pretty darn good!  The two flavors of the pinwheel rolls (truffle and fig + bacon) are both amazing.  It is like a savory pastry that melts in your mouth.  The other breads were good as well, but the pinwheels are the winners.  The butter is served with black volcanic salt which adds a nice smoky saltiness to the butter.  I got the Beef Wellington which is served rare-medium rare (this cannot be changed due to the way that it is cooked).  The Wellington was so soft and juicy I was in love.  The truffle and prosciutto around the filet mignon was tasty and the pastry around was super buttery and flaky.  So good.  My brother got the short rib which fell completely off the bone.  My parents shared a rib eye because they both have hypertension, elevated cholesterol, and heart issues that they don't want to die of.  The rib eye was sufficient for both of them to share.  The restaurant even cut it into slices to make sharing easier for them.    For the sides we all shared the macaroni and cheese, sauteed mushrooms, and fully loaded baked potato.  The sauteed mushrooms had a nice woodsy feel to it and the mac and cheese was great.  It has blue cheese in it, which surprisingly did not overpower the dish.  For dessert we shared 2 sticky toffee cakes!   I would have devoured it faster if I wasn't so fully of steak.  This is their most popular dessert and I can see why.  They pour the toffee sauce right over the cake when it comes to the table.  The cake itself is light and fluffy and the sauce is just heaven.  The salted caramel ice cream comes in a rectangle form, so it looks like a stick of butter.  It was a little bit salty for me and I would have preferred straight vanilla ice cream instead but it was all good overall.  I would recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants to spend a lot on a good steak dinner.  The quality of the food matches the price.  It was definitely one of my favorite dining experiences in Vegas so far.   Notes: - Use your Total Rewards card to get a few bucks off everything you order. - Make a reservation. - Enjoy everrrythangg!
1106	0	I was a little bit disappointing as I've heard so many great things about this place.  We stopped by the location outside of Cesars Place and had the option of waiting 20 minutes to dine-in or order outside at the window. We chose to order outside and it took quite a while. I ordered the frozen hot chocolate, which was $10 and was sorely disappointed. It was basically a glorified frosty with whipped cream, served in a plain cup with sprinkles. The prices differ between inside and outside which is why I think it looked different - but I just don't think that this chocolate milkshake was worth it at all. I also ordered a corndog because I was starving. I realize that corndogs aren't their specialty but it was totally microwaved and for $6 I expected a little bit more :(
1285	0	So I have to preface this by saying I have not stayed here again since my previous review. BUT I did walk out to the pool deck last week around 3am to dip my toes in the water, and I was rudely turned away by the security guard who informed me that the pool is NO LONGER open 24/7. So the only reason I would ever stay here is nonexistent. SEE YA Hooters.
436	1	Not a lot to add to what's already been stated in previous reviews.  I chose the Hubert Keller buffalo burger and the sweet potato fries.  Best burger I've ever had!  Service was good and we were seated promptly.  I think the prices are reasonable for gourmet burgers.
761	1	Ok, I didn't actually EAT here bcs it only has gluten- ous pizza (boo) but someday, when there is a cure... This is the pizza I'm going to eat. After planning a huge event at Cosmo, this is where I recommended people go and eat. Looks like traditional NY style pizza.
37	1	We have long anticipated having dinner here and with all the hype over Gordon's celebrity and the Hell's Kitchen competition, it did not let us down. The service was exceptional: from giving us an ipad with the drink menu on it allowing us to email ourselves information on the wine we drank; to cleaning the table of crumbs and replacing the cutlery between each course; to placing our plates of food on the table simultaneously with 2 servers. The food was fantastic. Melt in your mouth, and even though we were stuffed we had to have the toffee pudding which was to die for! We will visit again on our next trip to Vegas!
1221	0	Despite meeting Wilmer Valderrama, Mike Tyson, and Alonzo Mourning here, this place was an absolute nightmare.  We each paid $40 cover to cram onto the dance floor like packed sardines.  If I ever came here again, I'd stay outdoors the whole time.  Indoors is like driving in LA traffic...total buzzkill.
1150	0	We waited almost an hour to be seated when there were only 3 groups in front of us in line. We got the shrimp wonton soup and some chowmein. I thought the food was boring. I dropped a shrimp wonton in my lap and our server, who was taking an order at the table next to us, stopped what he was doing to point and laugh at me, then finished talking to the table and didnt even stop by to offer me a napkin. When I stopped him later to ask for one he acted put out. They charged us for our tea, and it was gross. I thought the food was boring, and wayyyy overpriced. They dont even put vegetables in their chowmein.  I would have only given them one star because I hated the whole experience, but I had to add a star because my husband was happy with getting a chance to sit down and eat what he called simple food. It made him happy so they earn a star.
1181	0	This review is not about the food. We didn't get to eat any of it. It's about the service, or lack thereof. When we walked in they said "It's a 20 minute wait, but you can have a drink and sit outside. We'll call out your name." A while later they claimed they had called our names even though we were practically right next to the host stand. When my friend complained about that the hostess basically shushed her. Then we were completely ignored by the wait staff when we finally were sat down. No one stopped by to even say "I'll be with you in a moment."  We finally said "Forget it" and took our business elsewhere.
1935	1	We walked up and the line was huge! Waited for 20 minutes and it was so worth it. Their Sicilian slices are $8 but they are as big as your head and delicious! Their regular slices are $5 and not as big but still the best slice you'll get in Vegas! We come back every time!
527	0	This place sounded awesome: half mexican food half chinese.   They also have a noodle show where you see  some guy pull a piece of dough into noodles.   According to everything, hand pulled noodles are supposed to have excellent texture compared to machine made noodles and should be awesome. So i was super excited about the idea that maybe i won't have to fly to china to enjoy hand pulled noodle anymore.   Well I should've taken it as a bad sign when I asked the waitress for the dish with the hand pulled noodles and she looked at me like it was the first time she's heard of it.  She tells me the Unruly Monk dish should be the one that has it.   Next I also ordered a beef tongue taco.  As I waited for the food I watched the chef pull the noodles and then another bad sign. I realized he never once successfully finish pulling the noodles. Half way he would quit cause he messed up. For my entire meal he "finished" making noodles twice but he never brought them to the kitchen. They just sat there. Which made me wonder if the noodle show was just a show.  When the food arrived I was very sad. For 16 dollars you get the saddest amount of super soggy noodles. The texture would be described as noodles left in broth overnight.   The tacos were okay but you can totally have better ones in  downtown LA and at a wayyy better price. 9$ for two mini tacos?! that taste average?!   SAD SAD SAD whether or not the noodles were pulled in restaurant or not it was an all around disappointing meal.
1159	1	Another night in Vegas, another wonderful steakhouse.  Gordon Ramsay steak is one of the newer upscale steakhouses in Vegas and is located conveniently in the center of the strip at the Paris hotel.  I have eaten at some of the other Gordon Ramsay eateries in Vegas and neither of them compare to this one.  In fact, very few steakhouses on the strip compare to this.  The decor, the service, and the food are all fantastic.  We first started with some drinks, bread (some of the best free bread around) and the seafood platter for 4.  This was one of the best tasting seafood platters I have had.  Everything was fresh and came with a variety of sauces which were amazing.  The crab and lobster was especially tasty.   After the starter, I ordered the salmon and the table also shared a porterhouse.  The salmon was very good, and actually a very good portion size.  Normally they make the salmon with a cauliflower puree that when you squeeze lemon over it, it turns purple, but I think they did a seasonal vegetable with it this time (which stayed one color).  The porterhouse was as good as it gets.  Nothing to fancy on the cook, just a very flavorful and moist steak.  Make sure to get a few extra bites off the bone, that's where you get some of the best meat bites.    The spinach at GR is also one of the best sides I've ever had.  Just a great blend of garlic and oil to make the spinach super tasty and not too drenched.    For desert I tried the peanut butter bar.  Very good, but nothing amazing.  Overall, one of my favorite meals in Vegas.
1875	0	We come here every year for the past 5 years for business.  I've always eaten at this buffet because I like all the veggies and fruit.  I've tried it for breakfast and dinner and in the past has always been great.  I went there last night and it was horrible and not worth $35.00!  Selection was bland and there was an Italian station with Alfredo sauce but no noodles to put the sauce on and it wasn't because they were out if noodles they just didn't have them on the station at all.  There were stuffed Italian shells but they had cheddar cheese grated on them which looked awful.  The other items were dry and the temperature of the soup was barely warm.  Salad bar and next to nothing as far as variety.  Huge disappointment this time and I won't be going back.
1005	0	The food is OK. The price is a little bit higher than outside but you should appreciate they can bring authentic Chinese food into the middle of a casino. The major problem here is that the place always asks how you are going to pay BEFORE placing order. It suggests the place may suffer from ample unpaid checks at ... Bellagio. So show them your wallet BEFORE placing orders to calm them down.
1090	1	I will have to say this place has provided me the best steakhouse experience ever.  First thing you notice about this place is that the picture of the chef is not plastered all over the walls which is a great thing.  Let start will the bread that is given, 3 distance tasting breads with a butter that is quite a one of the kind taste.  Beef Wellington is incredible due to the fact that is it so flavorful inside the pastry it is cooked in.  Of course the sticky toffee pudding is really something that has be ordered.  It is really a dessert that you cannot find anywhere else.
1651	1	SO SO SO good. Local or tourist, you need to come here at least once and try it out for yourself. If there's anything I could ever go for, it would be Holsteins. I hate that I have to partially drive on the strip to get here as a local, but it's so worth it to me every time.   Buffalo Chicken Dip is a must try; looks funky, texture is different, but it's so delicious. All of their shakes are TDF.  Also try their homemade ketchup!
664	1	I would just like to say that I love Costco pizza. I mean, its thin YET it has a nice crust. I don't like dough-y pizza? Not sure if you guys catch my drift. Any who - found this place on yelp and since I am a 'new york style pizza lover' I decided to go try it. It was a bit of a struggle finding this place but thanks to you Yelpers, I searched for the pool table & the hallway LOL.  This place is amazing. I mustve went at a good time because there were no lines. The pizza is so good. I dreamt about it last night. Definitely coming back here next time I'm in Vegas. I got a slice of pepperoni & a slice of cheese. I believe its about $5 a slice.   I wish they had a soda fountain so we could re-fill our drinks but oh well.
720	0	My friend booked this room trying to save money!  We stayed at the Riviera after checking out of The Platinum Hotel on Sunday.  No need to spend another 169 dollars.  !    *However....A WORD TO THE WISE....IF YOU GET DRUNK ON SATURDAY, MAKE SURE YOU DONT HAVE TO CHECK OUT ON SUNDAY!  IT IS THE BIGGEST HASSLE AND GETTING UP EARLY TO CHECK INTO ANOTHER HOTEL IS THE WORST! *  Moving on...  THE HOTEL:  They have kiosks to check into this place like the airports.  The front desk staff are rude but you get what you pay for.  The rooms at the Riviera are better than I expected.  The beds are comfortable.  THE BATHROOM HAS BARLEY ENOUGH ROOM TO SIT ON THE TOILET WITH THE DOOR OPEN!  If you are trying to do Vegas on a dime...stay here!  But, cab fare will be a beast!      THE CASINO:  This casino IS OLD SCHOOL!!!!  It hasn't been renovated in a long time, and it shows.  EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS PLACE IS OLD AND DUSTY.  NOTHING TO SEE HERE...the best thing about this place is the 7/11 next door and it is a short walk from The Wynn and Encore.    This dude was borderline stalking and harrassing me and I almost had to report him.  He followed me downstairs and it scared me.  Luckily he stopped.  Overall:  If your funds are limitied....stay here.  Otherwise, stay somewhere else and save peace of mind.
740	1	Wow what a find! My wife and I took a walk up "The Strip" from Wynn and we stumbled across this place for breakfast. The portions are great and the food was outstanding! It is diner type food, but a bit higher style and quality.  Very nice change of pace as far as price/service goes from the options in the hotels! We felt very welcomed by the staff.   We would recommend this to anyone staying on the North or Mid points on "The Strip"; It's an easy walk and on the east side of the road.
1213	1	Welcome to the Cheesecake Factory on steroids, dressed in expensive clothes, wearing $150 cologne, and driving a 2012 BMW 745li.  My girlfriend and I went to this place numerous times and it's no secret to any of our friends that this is one of our favorite places along the strip.  The food is decently priced, the drinks are expensive (it's the Strip after all), and the menu is ginormous.    I've never had a bad dish here.  Seriously.  And I've ordered all sorts of stuff on this menu.  The food portions are not for normal human beings, but for 9 foot tall giants who work out five hours a day.  If you like martinis then try the Calypso.
1281	0	Shrimp and crab salad: the shrimp was rubbery and not cleaned.  Mini mac & cheese: passable with a liberal dose of salt and pepper.   Dirty glasses and, with a nearly empty restaurant, it took too long to get it. The hawaiian ribeye that my husband ordered was fantastic, though, hence the two stars.
226	0	Went here last weekend for my honeymoon. What a disaster of a buffet! $30 dollars for food that tasted like it had been prepped a week in advance and over nuked in a microwave. This is the WORST buffet I have ever ate at. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY when you go to Vegas. Can't say it enough...bad...Bad..BAD!!!
1189	1	While in Vegas I wanted to hit up one of Ramseys restaurants, so we dropped in to Burgr for lunch. We were seated fast and our waiter was amazing, he was on top of it the whole time, we never ran out of drink, and our apps arrived super fast. It's good to have such friendly service in a town that is running at 100 mph. We got the truffle fries, a must try. Sliders are great and the farm burger is on my list of favorites now. That duck bacon is pretty damn good.
330	0	Serendipity charges double the price for normal American food. Burgers, hot dogs, omelets, sandwiches. Their menu isn't anything special. The portions here are pretty good, but the quality of the food is mediocre and definitely not up to par with their prices. I went with a large party, and we had made reservations ahead of time. We still ended up with a ridiculously long wait. The customer service was terrible.  On a separate occasion, I went with family to get some desserts. We ordered to go from the outside window. We wanted to get the pretzel, but the cashier warned us not to. He literally took the pretzel out, snapped it on his knee, and tossed it out... just to show us how stale it was. We bought a doughnut instead, enticed at how big it was. It was disgusting. The frozen hot chocolate? I'd say it's worth a try, but it doesn't live up to the hype.
1493	0	My husband and I decided to try "Cabo Wabo Cantina" on one of our nights out while in Vegas. We were highly disappointed. When we arrived I got a great glimpse at the hostess breasts. I am about to eat, WITH my husband now that is just disgusting! She was wearing half of a WHITE tank top, I could see her boobs completely except fro her nipple truly. It was just extremely unpleasant to begin with, at that moment we should have left, but we did not. A male hostess sat us, ignored me the whole time walked to the stable but had a full conversation with my husband, OK. We sat down, our waiter came by 5 minutes later, we asked for water and my husband ordered a Toasted Colada ($14), he said was ok. 75% ice. We also ordered our food, my husband got some Ceviche appetizer and I got Hot & Spicy Wings which I did not know came with a side of potato. The food was good, the service sucked. Besides taking our order, brining us our food, and our check we got NO SERVICE outside from that. Even if the food had been great, it was OK and the drink amazing, it was not. We would still never ever return to this place, and now when we return to Vegas we never will. The service was by far the worst I have ever gotten in Vegas. Super disappointed. The waiter had the audacity to circle the receipt what we should tip her. HAHA, seriously? My Tip was "Check on your tables". ! That's the BEST tip I am sure she has ever gotten. Recommend, NO Way! Go somewhere else!
1482	0	The meal was terrible.  We came in with empty stomachs and left with full of regrets. Should have went on Yelp to check out the reviews!! I completely agree with these reviews.  Service took forever and the food tasted so bad.  Even their highly notable cheesy tots were nasty.  Stale, cold and no flavor.  Everything was flavorless.  Their burgers were not good.  We didn't even finish anything we ordered.
487	1	"Big things poppin' and little things stoppin" - TI  This place is wonderful.  Thank you anthony bourdain and jet tila for introducing this place to the world.  It is off the strip so a bit harder to get to but the food is poppin with flavor.     *****papaya salad - AAammazing spicy but amazing best i ever had **** garlic prawns - poppin with flavor ** soft shell drunken noodle - it was ok  Stick with the dishes at the back of the menu
851	1	Tuesday morning is a great time to go, there were several open tables when I arrived for breakfast. I've been here on weekends and the place can get packed.  This time I went with one of their hashes. One had jalapenos and I had to go for it. Spice level for me (a Southern Californian used to spicy Mexican and Asian foods) was fine, though it might have been too much for someone with a more sensitive palate. The hash reminded me of homemade hash, not that garbage in a can that some people think is real hash.  Service was prompt and friendly. Other people in the restaurant were ordering some of the more 'twisted farm food' and seemed to love it. Breakfast and coffee came to $18.10 - a reasonable price in my book.
264	1	My families experience at Bouchon was AMAZING! Getting to the restaurant was a bit tricky, just remember there's an elevator that takes you to Bouchon in the lobby of the parking garage! Venetian has a sign leading you to the Bouchon cafe but the full restaurant is on the 10th floor...there was a couple in front of us that messed up EXACTLY like us so I didn't feel as dumb "p we arrived at the restaurant and were seated within 5 minutes. My son (1.5), daughter (4), husband and myself got sat at a 4 top and the hostess brought crayons and pages for them to color. But we realized they cover their tables in paper!!! My babies loved drawing on the table!   Our server wasn't anything special. She didn't ignore my kids and I appreciated that. We ordered orange juice and: French TOAST - HOLY COW!!! This was the best french toast EVER. You can not have breakfast at Bouchon without ordering this!! The butter it was served with i could have ate with a spoon! Steak sandwich - the bread was perfect, our steak was perfect medium, the peppers and onions gave a great texture contrast. I will be ordering this again for sure!! Beignets - they were ok at best... Cinnamon apple oatmeal- totally regret ordering this. It was crazy watery and had ZERO flavor. We added all the brown sugar and even 3 packets of natural sugar but still..yuck. Luckily my son ate some.  I loved the French Toast and steak sandwich so much Bouchon gets 5 stars and I deem it as one of the best breakfasts I have EVER had!! I literally can't wait to go back!!
1933	0	Lee's is great for late night options when no place else is open. They're open 24 hours which means all the viet sandwiches and boba you want, anytime of day. They are like a lot of boba shops with the same kind of food and drinks. Their boba isn't cooked as long which is why I know a lot of people don't prefer their boba that way but I enjoy it! The one thing I'm not too fond of is their bread used on their sandwiches. Depending on what time of day it is, towards the end of the night, I usually get really hard pieces and eat on the insides of the sandwich. Service takes a while, even when its empty. Their card minimum is $5 so if you're only trying to get something small, bring cash with you.
1961	1	My husband and I are in Vegas and we have a craving for Korean food.  This place has a lot of great reviews and we thought to give it a try.  It was absolutely awesome!  Well worth it!  The staff is attentive and very friendly.  Definitely a place that we will visit again when we come back to Vegas.
1741	0	ZERO stars.  Here's my story..... 4 nights in Vegas for the Rugby Seven's Tourney.  Decided to ease up on the nightly $200 dinner bill and go for a burger with the wife, daughter, sis/bro-in-law and their infant daughter.  We get seated after waiting 15 minutes (restaurant was not even half full).  Sit down and waitress ask for our drink orders.  I order an orange shake and a water.  water comes out in a few minutes. She takes our order.  We wait ten, twenty, thirty minutes. not one thing comes.  We would have made a huff, but our kids were there and Redfoo from LMFAO was sitting next to us, so we let it slide for the moment.  Now we watch Redfoo get his food, eat it and leave, and three tables around us get drinks and appetizers going.  Finally, flag the waitress (who clearly didn't give a rats ass about customer service) and ask what gives?  She says, "Oh yeah, i think the ticket got stuck in the machine.  it will be out in a few minutes".  30 minutes later, the bro-in-law leaves and our food comes out.  The guy who brings out the food yells across the room to the hostess up front.  "IS THIS 21.  IS THIS FOR TABLE 21?"  as he starts giving our food to another table.  We say its our food and tell him we've been waiting over an hour for our food.  He says, "no you haven't"  the ticket says 26 minutes."  Idiot.  So we get our food, they forget half of the order and my daugther's meal was left out.  We wait another 10 minutes for my daughter's food to come.  Still haven't gotten my shake.  For the first time since she took our order, server comes buy and we tell her, we've waited over an hour for our food, our order was wrong and items were forgotten.  She responds, "I guess the teamwork isn't working today." whatt????  Then she says, "well you still want the shake?"  Never an apology, or acknowledgement of our waiting so long.   After all the waiting, our food was not good at all.  Just average fair.  Would have been better to go to McD's.  Oh and I finally got that shake. After my meal was finished.    I will be sharing this with the corporate folks and the Palazzo.  It was shameful and those who run this business should know that their staff is going to ruin their business.
747	1	Located in the Venetian Resort Spa Casino on the Las Vegas Strip. This 24 hour coffee shop deluxe has quite the extensive menu. The prices are very reasonable and the portions huge. I can recommend any one of the burgers, sandwiches or salads. Everything here gets top marks. Go on an off hour so as to avoid lines. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
1876	0	They gave my friends and I the three worst rooms in Vegas.  One room had trash all over it. We waited over an hour for them to clean it!    The next morning, the kindest, sweetest person in the world got on the phone and complained like hell.  She got us moved into very good rooms.  If they had just given us the nice rooms to begin with, I would be writing a two star review.    But just knowing they would give someone the rooms we originally got is enough to get this hotel a one star review.    Overall the hotel was in poor condition, and I would never reccomend this hotel to anyone, except this one guy down the street I hate.
1404	0	Ok, ok, I get it. It's trendy to have lines "around the block" (around the escalator?) and ladies in rosepetal bathtubs as you walk in. But Tao Nightclub is trying way too hard to be cool - and makes you feel like you just walked into amateur night when you enter the club. I'm always expecting my opinion of this place to change, because the restaurant is great! Unfortunately, it's just an overhyped, overrated, overpacked club that happens to be in the middle of the strip.   Service is SUPER slow, drinks are super expensive, and the place is packed with fifty thousandaires who think that grabbing your ass is the best way to get a girl's attention. Sure, they have the occasional celebrity sighting, but there are so many better clubs to check out in Vegas. Eat at Tao. Skip the nightclub.
307	1	Maybe I'm a sucker for French bistros, but I loved Bouchon. The cocktails are delicious, the wine list varied and the French fare perfectly French and delectable, all at reasonable prices. And though having nothing to do with the food/service, I love their business card letterpress!
573	1	Jeremy was our server and Scott had no problem jumping in to help. Theses two guys were fabulous. They were friendly and attentive. The food was delicious and the atmosphere was perfect for my 9 years old. We've been here quite a few times, but the service this time was definitely something to yelp about. We will continue to return to this restaurant.
1883	0	By the way, the manager contacted me about a week after I posted this review. Said he wanted to make it right...blah, blah, blah. I responded and he NEVER contacted me again. With that kind of service and the amount of awesome restaurants in Vegas, their business has only one place to go...in the ground.
1031	0	The only thing I give this place is for the location it's a nice place to visit. But the service and food was horrible. I would rather spend the money at a nicer place with better customer service. The waitress her name started with a "p" she was dismissive and she didn't really have a lot of tables (I've been a waitress before). It looked like everyone else was serving her food, she forgot things we ordered and bad customer service. At the end of lunch we decided to have dessert- but she ignored us and gave us the bill. I guess we won't stay dessert- both worth eating here. Please try to visit tatorria bakery service is fantastic and food is great!
54	0	This is a review of the restaurant inside.  Like so many others, my experience here consisted of questionable food and an unfriendly waiter, who didn't trouble himself to stop by our table even once to ask us if we wanted another beverage or anything else. He sure had time though to stand around looking bored, talking to his buddy near the back where I watched him do absolutely nothing for 20 minutes. So I decided to just walk up to the bar to get my own drink where I was met, eventually, by an ill-tempered gal who did nothing more than raise her eyebrows when I asked for a beverage. The chicken was overdone on the outside, underdone on the inside- shrimp like rubber. Straight up- this place is bad, stay away.
1835	1	Best damn pizza I've ever had!!! It's s legit secret as there is no sign advertising it and is tucked away down a small hallway. The pizza ks phenomenal, reminds me of home, greasy New York style slices. Been to Vegas twice now and have had it multiple times. Can't go wrong!
566	0	This review comes down to a customer service issue. Two of the rudest people I've ever encountered were behind the desks at the MGM. Calling down to the front desk, I spoke to Raven.. And wow, I was blown away by how abrupt and rude she was, clearly no one ever taught her any manners growing up. I'm in disbelief that she's in a position where she interacts with customers at all. The second person was also at the front desk. I feel bad judging the hotel by these two individuals but they really soiled the trip for me. The only saving grace was Katie from the front desk, faith restored. The housekeeping ladies were also really nice people. Even though Katie was a complete sweetheart, I will not be staying there again. It's not worth the hassle of dealing with those unpleasant people and the rooms are mediocre at best.
630	0	There was a bug on my wife's nachos. It looked like an earwig or roach. It was really nasty. The waiter asked if she wanted another nachos or something else. She ordered a strawberry waffles which she really didn't want.  She was afraid if she ordered another nachos, they would just remove the bug and give her the same nachos.  Everyone had water with lemon except me. I had an iced tea with lemon. I had 6-chicken strips (nothing comes with it). My sister had the same. My kids has Mac & cheese and a kids corn dog. Very small portions for $100+.   They did however give my wife a free frozen hot chocolate dessert to make up for the earwig/roach thing. (Only reason they are getting a 1)
1062	1	Me: Bites into the burger Me: 0.0 Me: (does best impersonation of Gordon Ramsay) this burger is #$(@* AMAZING!  So how does BurGR stack up against other popular burger joints in Vegas? Here is my definitive list:  1) BurGR 2) Bachi 3) Holstein ..... 100000) Burger Bar  First off, the decor here is awesome. Who doesn't love live flames everywhere, especially in the middle of PH. It's pretty much, Hell's Kitchen. ;). Onto the food! The Euro burger was a hogwash blend of aromatic truffle aioli and goat cheese. Every bite was packed with savory flavors. Additionally, the truffle fries here are darn amazing. Thick cut and fried into crispy golden slices of heaven. My gf and I agreed that the Euro burger was one of the best burgers we've ever had!  Overall, my only complaints were the snotty server and long wait time to be seated and fed (45 minutes). She was not very friendly and she gave us attitude when we tried to use our total rewards card... However, even questionable service still doesn't compare to the impeccable food. Furthermore, the long wait only made us savor the food more.   If this is the kitchen in Hell... and Gordon Ramsay is the lord of the underworld... I'm fine with trading my soul for this burger. XD.
1412	1	Huge slices (around 9-10", if I had to guess), thin crust and perfectly cooked. I can attest to the cheese, Sicilian and sausage and ricotta (which apparently was the special that day). They were all delicious with huge punches of flavor. The wait was about 25-30 minutes, but I honestly wasn't bothered by it. This place is a Vegas bucket list / must do things.
769	0	Ouch!  Really, this was painful.  Ate here for their Sunday Champagne Brunch.  First of all, they're serving J Roget for their champagne.  The stuff costs $4 a bottle so be ready for a headache if you're going all out on this stuff.  We did not as my wife and I both know better than to drink cheap champagne.  The buffet was weak in our opinion.  There is absolutely no ambiance to the place and it is grossly overpriced.  Thankfully we had a $65 credit as part of our room package so we only spent $10 with tip for the meal.  I would strongly suggest visiting the "Pantry" around the corner for breakfast or a different resort for their brunch.  If you do want a highlight to try out while you're there check out the cinnamon buns and the tiramisu, both were very good.
1178	1	Unbelievably, Incredibly Good  I'll spare you a lengthy read.  I came up with the crazy idea to take my wife to one of her favorite restaurants for her birthday.  We flew from San Francisco to Las Vegas to have lunch here.  AND IT WAS TOTALLY WORTH IT!!  We will do it again.  It was our second meal there - every bit as good as the first.  The location is not great, but the food is utterly amazing.  EAT HERE.
1336	0	This is one of the worst buffets in Las Vegas. And they have extremely high prices for the quality of food. I have now tried it about 4 times and every time I say NEVER AGAIN. This time...I mean it. Unless they show some serious transformation, I will never return. I like to try a buffet every now and then in Vegas. I have been to some exceptional ones. This isn't one of them. Try Caesar's Palace, Wynn, or Bellagio. This place is horrible. Trust me. I stay at Mandalay Bay every time, and am so disappointed by the quality of this buffet. The food is almost inedible. I wouldn't spend $5 to eat here. I would rather go to Golden Corral.
1920	0	Well well well i realize its opening day and it went pretty well for a 2 1/2 hour wait in line and 33 mins to get our food.... All was hood except the smokers who didnt care and at the very end of what could have been at least 4 stars... Riley at the door was belligerent to me when i came back in to get my daughter who was waiting on the food.... Too bad with the prices SO high, the novelty is a 80 cent burger they are 1.59 with cheese. Really guys? You wont make enough? This is a great way to run off your locals, trust me, youll regret it!
341	0	My wife and I were seated by the hostess and literally as we were sitting down an angry lady stormed over and said our spot is a reserved spot. We looked back for the hostess, who was long gone and the angry lady basically said can't sit here so get out of here. We had to chase down a hostess who eventually put us back in the same spot. It was weird, embarrassing and rude.   The food was very small portions and expensive for what it is. With all the good restaurants around, choose another.
164	1	One word:  Ridiculousness.  I already knew Bachi Burger was amazing before their appearance on Triple D, but they really have outdone themselves with one of their newest burgers.  But first! The appetizers!  I had the oxtail chili cheese fries for the first time. The chili is sweet unlike the norm. And I liked the spicy mayo-like sauce that was drizzled with it. Lots of flavor and definitely filling. Make sure you share this one!  I also had their pork belly steamed buns. A nice thick, tender piece of pork belly in every white, fluffy bun. The pork belly was melt-in-your-mouth amazing, but the sweet hoisin-like sauce was the best. I could drink that.  Now onto the main attraction! I saw their Shogun burger written on their chalkboard of specials and I knew I had to have it. A burger made with a wagyu beef patty, foie gras, unagi, Asian pear and miso butter with a Yamamomo peach as a palette cleanser.   They had me at foie gras.  I come from Cali where the delicacy was recently banned, so I was all in with this burger!  You start off with the Yamamomo peach which looks more like a piece of lychee. It's the sweetest piece of fruit you'll probably ever have. Good stuff.  After you take one bite of the burger, you'll feel like eating it slowly so you can savor each bite. The saltiness from the foie gras enhances the sweetness of the pear and unagi. And there's also a hint of truffle oil on the top of the bun. The combination sounded weird at first, but all the flavors really work together. Probably the best burger I've EVER had, but it has a hefty price of $25... WORTH. EVERY. PENNY.  If you love foie gras and burgers, you definitely have to try it. Share it with someone if you have to. Just make it work!  By the way, there always seems to be a wait here, so don't starve yourself too much before you get there (like I did). You need to be awake to try this ridiculousness.   I can't wait for them to open up their next location in Los Angeles!
1400	0	I gave Aria hotel a 5 star review for being fabulous, so it makes me sad to give its buffet 2 stars. The food was just awful and tasted like it came straight from an elementary school's cafeteria. There was nothing I enjoyed except for the decor and cool multi-color lights, and believe me I tried about 90% of the food. The crab legs were so salty I did not even need butter, and the consistency was almost like that of imitation crab meat.   To add salt to the wound, there wasn't even bottomless mimosas added to the $30 per person charge. Tisk tisk. Don't buffet managers know that in order for customers to eat crappy food, they need to be a little intoxicated?
1059	1	Don't judge a book by its cover. This place is amazing. The hostess took our name and told us it would be an hour wait. We sat at the bar, ordered drinks and appetizers and poured over the menu. Before we knew it 40 minutes had passed and we were being seated. The food and service were both impeccable. I loved the impressive feel of the restaurant, like a hidden gem
484	0	One of the worst ever had. I'm a local and brought my adult children to see Chris Angel. Have tried several in the same price range and was very disappointed with Luxor's buffet. I think management should eat there and I'm sure it would change. What a let down for a strip buffet. Will spend the extra $$ and go to Bellagio next time.
1382	0	We were on the 19th floor and we still could hear the traffic below and ambulance sirens going down Tropicana Blvd. The walls and windows are extremely thin. We could hear everything our neighbors did and said. The mattresses were very firm and the piloows were goose down rocks. The decor was lovely, though. No shower cap. Very, very long walk from the elevators to our room. They really need to install a few more elevators because that walk from room 200 to room 335 was ridiculous. They need more shade by the pools, otherwise you will burn like hell in 117+ degree weather, which is what it was this past weekend. The buffet was $40 for lunch and dinner, $30 for breakfast and brunch, and it wasnt the best, but it wasnt horrible. Crab legs were water logged. Good dessert bar though. But what really makes me never want to return was the $28/night resort fee they charge you upon check out.  Add that to the room tax of $15.25, and there is an additional $43/night on top of your room fee. Oh, and you couldnt use the in-room fridge without paying and using a combination to unlock it.  And the TV kept losing reception, along with the internet, which made that resort fee even more absurd. Definitely wont be back.  Trump Towers, Vdara, and Wynn are much better for the money.
779	0	Clean and sterile like an operating room.....  Such a strange feeling to walk into Lee's Sandwiches, which is not quite a yogurt store, grocery store, or a sandwich shop, but some type of odd mixture.  There are overpriced "Imported from France" goods for sale on a few shelves throughout the store.  It's a random selection of cookies, teas, and other things you probably wouldn't buy when you're cruising for a sandwich.  The yogurt machines are on the wall, like you would see at a yogurt store, but I'm not sure about the topping selection; it looked sparse at best.   Now, onto the sandwiches.  The menu on the wall above the registers is big and colorful.  The pictures look exactly like the sandwiches do, which normally would be a great thing, but here it's a disappointment.  I went with the BBQ Pork sandwich.  These are in the style of Bhan Mi, but really subpar.  The bread is missing that great crisp you expect from a baguette.  The flavor of the sandwich was muted as well, and even biting into big slices of jalapenos and bunches of cilantro I couldn't really get into the sandwich.    There is now a $10 CC minimum if you plan on using plastic, but really, you're better off just going somewhere else.
61	0	Went for breakfast and waited forever at the front for the rude hostess to even look at us.  Some bitchy granny seated is and lectured us about the dos and don'ts of eating breakfast.  Breakfast buffet was $16.00.  Because everything was not to my liking, I basically left there hungry.  The bacon was like chewing on plastic with artificial bacon flavoring.  The eggs were...(I have no words for them).  The only edible things were the fruits as they did not require cooking.  It was THE MOST DISGUSTING BREAKFAST I HAVE EVER HAD and so not worth $16. I had breakfast buffet at Mandalay Bay the previous day and it was awesome.   Do not eat here unless you have no other option. Between the disgusting food and the unfriendly staff, I can not understand why this dump exists in the basement of the hotels, which smells like a backed up sewer, by the way.
531	1	Meeting chef Scott!!!  Ordered the fish and chips.  The fish was the best I have ever had. The chips were not good.  The manager came and asked for feedback. He said they have been trying to perfect the chips and are still working on it. He was awesome, he send over 2 Carmel toffee desserts at no charge that were amazing!  The server was Alise and she was awesome!!  She event sent out chef Scott, as we really wanted to meet him.  I tasted my friends shepherds pie and it was very good.  The bangers and mash were good also.  I liked the branding and atmosphere.  Definitely will be a happy memory or this vacation.
1771	0	Straight awful and disgusting. I've been wanting to try these ever since like a decade ago when I first saw Harold and Kumar's Adventure to White Castle and these did not deliver. I think it's just something you have to grow up with as a kid to crave for nostalgia's sake when you're super high. As a grown-up who's never had these before, these were basically worse than McDonald's. They tasted like chemicals and I'm not even sure if it was even real meat. It made me and my girlfriend feel extremely gross after, and I had to walk it off for the rest of the day to feel normal again. Would never ever try this again even if someone paid me to eat it.
1897	1	We came here looking for a great burger and a great time and got both.  Walked in and got seated right away and had a nice waiter who was on the ball.   Ordered the Berry Fresh cocktail, the Jalapeno Margarita, and a couple beers (one was the house lager free when you check in with Yelp).   All came to our table very quickly and were quite tasty.  They don't skimp on the alcohol here.     I ordered the Gold Standard Burger and hubby had the Rising Sun.   I loved my burger and if you go upgrade to the Onion rings.  Huge, crispy and delicious!   Hubby was pleased withe his burger as well.  The tomato confit on both of them is awesome.     Food was quick and we were happy for less than 70 bucks in Vegas.    Enjoy!! Can't wait for our Holstein's to open in Portland!
1231	1	They opened pretty recently so we were the only folks there for awhile. Their sauces (ponzu, sweet, or spicy) are yummy, but even if you're not a fan, their meat is perfectly marinated already (we got the bulgogi). All the waiters/esses are super cute and helpful, and they will notice if you are leaving your meat on the grill for a long time and adjust the fire level for you accordingly. The cheese wontons were delicious, and so was the honey pancake. Although, don't expect it to be textured like western pancakes- it is much sweeter, stickier and eggier.
1784	0	Waited an hour to get in and had the worst service ever so disappointing. Our waitress pretended we were invisible...last time we come here!!!! When we complained they sent over a chef to talk to us. Not sure if there was a manager in this place. Plenty of other places to eat in the area!! Spend your money somewhere else. Now I know why they only have three stars....
1715	1	a must pit stop for true burger lovers! i heart the food here so much that i would marry the patty if i could. hands down the best because its reasonably priced, the burger dances in your mouth, and you leave with a huge smile. you can the reg burger for about $13 and if you hit the jackpot in vegas and want to splurge, go for the truffle burger, mmmm! my friends and i make sure we visit this spot each time we are in vegas.   for large groups, reservations are recommended. it's BUSY in there! just thinking of this place makes me hungry.
252	1	I hate to admit I first came to this place because of "Anthony Bourdain no reservations." For years I've driven by this place thinking that it looks like a Vegas rendition of a Denny's. When you first walk in, the Vegas Denny's theme still holds true with one small exception. You will notice a double glass door in the back left corner that leads to the Peppermill's Fireside Lounge. The 5 stars is solely for the Fireside Lounge and not the Restaurant.  You instantly enter into a late 60's early 70's themed lounge that relaxes and surprises in the same breath. The decor looks like they actually had well kept furniture from the 70's imported through some kind of time portal and not the new furniture that is meant to look retro. I ordered the scorpion (Giant volleyball sized drink) because I saw Bourdain order it himself and our group loved it. We (my wife and myself) got it blended with the ice cream and the couple we were with got it on the rocks. Both are very tasty but I'd have to go with ice cream variety. We order the Peppermill sampler which had cheese sticks, chicken fingers, shrimp, and bruschetta to name a few. It served its purpose and tasted good but nothing too standout about it.  The service was on spot and great!! Peppermill's Fireside Lounge is a must stop if you're in the Vegas area. Great for pre/post parties or even being the main attraction.  Here's my advice to the Peppermill owners- Keep up the great job and don't change a thing!!!
448	0	Don't get the food.. It's a rip off! I went to the outside window because I didn't feel like waiting for the restaurant. We got sliders.. they were whatever.. overpriced.  I only wanted to go to try the famous hot chocolate. It was good..Nothing amazing, honestly. I really think Dunkin's is comparable. Had to do it to say I did it!
1481	1	Okay I have to update my review. We were a bit unhappy at first because of the wait and the poor service, but the manager soon noticed our situation and made amends. First, they brought us some salmon rillettes, pickled olives compliments of the chef. They were AMAZING. I'm not a big fan of olives, but I couldn't stop munching on them. For our entree, we ordered the lamb and the crispy pork belly. The crispy pork belly was their special, and it was the finest we've ever had. It came with an onion cream sauce, which was incredibly flavorful and just perfect with the pork. Unfortunately we had no space for desserts but I am definitely looking forward to come back again!!   Not even done with my meal and already unhappy with my experience here. We made a reservation, but had to wait 15 minutes for them to clean up the table, and anther 20 minutes before we got to order out food. And that's only because my friend waved the waiter over. This is not the type of service you should have at a high end restaurant.
423	1	(read the following review to the tune of bobby brown's "every little step")  i can't sleep at night, i toss and turn dreamin' about the peppermill but i get a crave so i'm all choked up can't believe i need another fill and as a matter of fact, it blows my mind how delicious your dessert drinks can be because the drinks you do is a dream come true a real life fantasy  no matter where i am in vegas i've found a great place to love and we will be together, drinking grasshoppers forever it's like that, it's like that  every little vegas trip i take i will go there every little vegas trip i make i'll be at the peppermill yeah.....  the peppermill brings tacky-chic to a whole new level. first of all, don't tell me you don't love plastic foliage, red and blue neon lights, AND fire shooting out of the middle of a watery pit. i sure as hell can't get enough of this place and i don't say this because i'm intoxicated. i say this out of pure, on bended knees kind of love. try their "grasshopper," an alcoholic mint milk shake that flows smoothly through your straw, and i swear, YOU will be as smitten as i am. happy drinking folks! you won't regret it!
725	1	This review is based on multiple meals here over the last year. When in Vegas for business, I am always sure to stop by Bouchon, Thomas Keller's stunning French bistro. The food is precise and on the money, the atmosphere is welcoming and classy without being stuffy, and the location (in the Venezia Tower, away from the usual Vegas crowds) is perfect.   The onion soup is, hands down, the best in the United States. Rich, creamy even, the essence of a few ingredients. The steak frites, while basic as a dish, is exactly how it should be served (with the fries taking the title as top notch). The rotisserie chicken is juicy and flavorful - the mark of true experts. The cold seafood platters (oysters, mussels, etc) is sourced from Keller's high end French Laundry purveyors - screaming fresh.   There are a lot of celebrity chef restaurants in Vegas that trade on their famous name. This one trades on the quality of the food. A must-visit.
1619	1	My favorite chicken and [bacon-stuffed] waffles that you should get an award for being able to finish in one sitting. Also love the meatloaf sandwich, the pot pie (it's boiling pot-sized) the ridiculous eggs benedict. Caveat: I can't believe any of the meals here are under 3,000 calories.
1572	1	Best french toast EVER!!!! OMG I'm still dreaming of coming back just for the breakfast French Toast! How do you guys make it Bouchon? I really want to know? Pretty please?! You guys just ruined every french toast that I'm about to eat after this.  No french toast would ever be the same.  Thank you!
1155	0	This casino buffet could do way better for the price they charge their customers. The quality of the food is mediocre. Crab legs were avaliable but only chilled ones. No hot steamy ones. Overall the food just reminds me of eating at a malls for court.
1230	1	It was late night and my bf and I just arrived in Vegas. We haven't eaten and I'm hangry. We decided to grab a quick bite and remembered the goat cheese burger we had here last time was delicious, even though I don't like cheese.   When we arrived, I was surprised that there was a line at this hour, but we were seated within 10 mins cause we opted to be seated at the bar. We were told the burger would take 20 mins to make after we ordered. 40 mins later, we were still waiting. Our pork belly "hot" pocket was cold when it arrived. By now, I was about to throw a hissy fit. Right before I do, our truffle burger magically appears and perfectly cut in half to share. First bite in, my anger goes away like those hangry Snicker commercials. I apologized to my bf for every side-eye I gave him during the wait. Even without the truffle aioli and foie gras creme that makes the burger extra flavorful, the patty itself was so juicy. It's all I ever want when I crave a burger! Simple but juicy! One of the best burgers I have ever eaten!  Ramsey can make one hell of a burger!
1520	0	Awh. My meal here was $27 and I got a hamburger and fries and a pop.  My friend and I could not agree on a place to eat, and by this time on our trip, tensions were running high between us. We compromised on I  Burgers. This was in the Palazzo, where we were doing some high end shopping and browsing.  I eat hamburger and fries a lot, and I was unimpressed by this high end place. I love going out to eat at nice places and am willing to spend the money, but this to me was not better quality than a Mcdonalds. (Which I hate) I wouldn't come here again. I understand that it is in the Palazzo, but I still don't see why the prices were so high.  It was just a hamburger and fries to me, but my friend did get a nice Tshirt here that brightened up the journey.
609	1	We eat Thai food all over the country as we're traveling. We've been eating here for over 10 years.The food is still excellent and the service is as well. We had a bump this time. I called on Thursday for reservations on Saturday night at 6 o'clock but when we arrived there was no reservation on their books. (Still not sure if that was their mixup or mine. Make sure when you call that they take your first and last name.)   They worked us in as fast as they could, which ended up being about 20 minutes. It is difficult, sometimes, to get through to even make a reservation, but it is WORHT IT!   We had garlic prawns, crispy duck with drunken noodles, Larb from the Northern Menu and a sliced beef in coconut dish from the Chef's Choice menu - all four dishes were excellent. Don't miss the coconut ice cream on hot sticky rice.   Lotus of Siam is still a favorite.
1922	1	Like someone just slapped your tastebuds silly!  I'm a huge fan of Hell's Kitchen, so when I heard one of the newest restaurants he was going to open was going to be in Vegas, I flipped! Finally, I would get to experience one of his restaurants! I've been dying to eat one of his beef wellingtons after watching 10 seasons worth of contestants make it!  The hubby decided at the last second that we would drive to Vegas on Thanksgiving weekend, so getting a last second reservation was IMPOSSIBLE. Thank goodness for the bar area - first come, first serve! We came pretty early for dinner, so there were still a couple of tables open.  When you walk into the restaurant, it's nothing like the Paris casino. So hip, modern and cool!  It was so hard holding back from ordering practically everything on the menu, especially the appetizers! Lucky for us, the hubby and I went with our friend who used to work with the executive chef, Kevin Hee, at a previous job. So, he graciously sent our table extra appetizers!  All of the appetizers we had were great! The hamachi crudo was amazing! I loved the Iberico ham gelee and the caviar and truffle were an extra nice touch! The fried oysters had great texture! Just enough batter to oyster. Loved how they presented the oysters in the original shell! The kurobuta pork belly was so tender and flavorful!   The best appetizer of them all was the FOIE GRAS. *drool* I miss foie gras in California, so being able to eat this was a treat! So buttery and I loved the sweetness of the huckleberry with the salty foie.   The hubby and I shared the beef wellington as our main dish. It was cooked just right! The filet mignon was super tender. I loved the pastry dough on the outside. Don't forget to soak up the red wine demi glace with it! Just be careful though, the combination of the sauce and pastry dough make the steak slide around when you're trying to cut it.   We accompanied our steak with sauteed mushrooms and green been tempura. The mushrooms were good. The bonito flakes made it interesting. The green beans were nice because they were still really bright green and crispy even though they were fried. Great with the garlic aioli it came with!  We were sooooooo full after all of this. I almost skipped dessert. But I took one look at the menu and I just couldn't resist...  STICKY. TOFFEE. PUDDING.  This dessert is miiiiind blowing! From the second it touches your tongue, it's like BAM! Sweet pudding cake smothered with brown butter toffee. OH. EM. GEE. And don't forget the brown butter ice cream! SO GOOD! You will instantly make room in your stomach for this heavenly treat. You MUST get this dessert no matter how full you are!!  I had a great experience here! I would come back to just chow down on appetizers and that amaaaazing sticky toffee pudding!  By the way, sign up for a Total Rewards membership. You'll get a discounted price on all their items (about $1 - $2 off per item). Totally worth it! Can't wait to go back!
1892	0	This place is alright. I've been wanting to try it just because it's Serendipity and I haven't been to any of the other ones. I didn't have time to wait in line and eat there so my friends just went for the window instead.  My boyfriend and I shared a Cappuchino Frozen Hot Chocolate and one of the dogs. I think it was the regular one. New York Dog? Not sure.   The dog was just that. Just a hot dog. Nothing special.   I hardly noticed any cappuchino flavor in the frozen hot chocolate. I expected it to be more fabulous.  The only thing that really caught my eye here was the fact that they give you Total Rewards points for buying here. And that its plastic utensils are so shiny that they look like real silverware! lol
1675	1	Wow.  I can't say enough about this place.  The prices for good food on the strip are relatively steep, but the prices here were downright reasonable.  And the food was great.  The wait staff bent over backwards for me, and quite frankly, I ate most of my meals here over 5 days.  How could I do that?  The menu is HUGE, man!  I would strongly recommend this restaurant.
489	0	Everyone knows food in Vegas is ALWAYS over priced, but I always expect a certain type of quality as well... nothing over the top, just a little better than decent I guess you could say..  The food here were below my expectations..   - Pan fried noodles: they were doused in sauce and the noodles weren't even crunchy.. - Chinese broccoli was dry and overcooked..  - Their duck with rice is more of an individual portion rather than a la carte which is what I had hoped for..there was more rice than duck, and the duck portions had mostly bones (although bones are a big part of duck, the bone portion here was more than normal).  The line here is a bit rediculous, and to be honest I'm not quite sure why.. food isnt that great and there are tons of other places open 24/7 in sin city!
644	0	I was totally intrigued the first time I heard of frozen hot chocolate. How can it be frozen and hot?! Well.. after trying it out first hand, I conclude that it was a total waste of my $12 (for just a to go cup size)! It was simply a thick powdery super sweet cold chocolate drink! I rather have a glass of chocolate milk ):  I later found out that this other place called sugar factory also has frozen hot chocolate on their menu- for just $6-7. If any of my friends insist on trying it in the future, I would take them to this place instead. I wonder what big of a diff it will be.
1880	0	Very high prices, poor quality food and painful karaoke makes this a mildly entertaining venue. Service is VERY slow; I suspect as a result of goo people spread thin. Consumer expectations are not high coming in but hey...it is an "experience" that out of towers enjoy...once.
1756	0	We wanted to go the restaurant, but the wait was 30 minutes and all we wanted to do was to try the infamous Frozen Hot Chocolate.  So I appreciate that they had a "Fun on the run menu" which is basically a way to grab something quick. The service was definitely faster, our drink was ready right after we paid! Half star because the place was pink and cute. Half star because it tasted good. Minus four stars because the price was ridiculous and this place is seriously over-rated!   $10- Frozen Hot Chocolate: For taste, I thought this was chocolate goodness. However, my friend says it tasted like his protein powder mixture.  $11- Mochacino Coffee Frozen Hot Chocolate:  This was pretty tasty.  The mocha was rich in flavor and blended well with the chocolate.  I liked the espresso chocolate on top.  Although it was delicious, the Costco's version of Mocha Latte comes pretty close.   Would you pay $12 (after tax) for a regular size (16 oz. maybe) of iced hot chocolate topped with whipped cream?  Why do you call it Frozen hot chocolate when it wasn't even frozen or icy?
572	1	I had the farm burger, great combination of creamy yolk and crispy duck great bacon over a medium well patty(my preference) and a side of truffle fries! The aioli is really delicious. They update their menu too. so the next time you check this restaurant, You may find a new burger on the menu
551	0	Heard the frozen hot chocolate hype so had to try one with half oreo and half mochaccino flavors.  It tasted like chocolate ice milk with whip cream and a couple coffee bean candies and some crushed oreos on top ... which is fine.... but to me the atmosphere ruined the whole experience.  The tables seemed too close together and small ... at least where we were seated (directly across from the kitchen).  It also seemed a bit on the dirty side.  There was such an overwhelming scent of ketchup in the air, it ruined my desire for anything chocolatey.  Also, I wanted to wash my hands before eating and had to go outside of the restaurant, pass the patio area, and down some cavernous cement hallway to use a restroom.  I was expecting an elegant, old-timer ice cream parlor feel, but this place is no where near that. I can't imagine buying the $1000 sundae here. There were a bunch of teens hanging around a cash register by the door which was confusing because the waiter who just left the check didn't specify if he was going to take the payment or if we were to pay at the cash register by the door.  Sooo after waiting around awhile, we stood by the cash register while they asked us what our waiter looked like and then gave the payment to him.  No eye contact, "thanks", "come back again" from the waiter...so we just walked out. Overall I felt like I was just at a fast food place, but with exorbitant prices, grumpy waiters, & pretty plates.
771	0	I've been to Cravings Buffet a few times in the past for breakfast and never had a complaint.  This time my stay @ Mirage included a buffet,  so we tried the dinner buffet,  which I'm very sorry I did.  Worst dinner buffet I've experienced as far a food is concerned.  The roast beef was dry,  the corn beef was edible, which is the best I can say.  The other food, thumbs down.  I thought the fresh cooked pasta would be better, but it was not.  The creme brulee was more watery than it should've been.   Chocolate cake so-so.  Salad was ok, but there's no way to mess that up........ The only redeeming part of the meal was unlimited beer or wine.... Mirage really needs to improve on their buffet considering the last three I;ve visited at the MGM Grand, Bellagio & Aria were nice.
1362	0	Okay. I am a huge buffet connoisseur. Right now I am sitting here just finishing my TI buffet .  Paid $19 for each for lunch.  Only thing I can say is stay away.  Prepared foods were dry, selections limited, no carving station, and desserts were minimalistic. I used to love Treasure Island, unfortunately I am so depressed on the quality of the whole hotel as a whole.
987	0	Pricey for mediocre food.  The service our group of 6 had was pretty reasonable.  My biggest gripe about this place is that you have to PAY for chips and salsa.  It's not cheap either.  In addition, we got the guacamole.  We were so excited to get a bowl full of guac only to realize the bottom of it was a bunch of crushed chips so that [as our waitress explained] you don't drag your fingers through the guac.  Uh...whatever.  All of us ordered burritos.  I got the veggie burrito although I'm not vegetarian.  It was mostly filled with sauteed onions with a bell pepper here and there.  Overall, not the biggest fan of the food.  Of course with any restaurant along the strip, it wasn't cheap ($9 for a small burrito).  I will admit the salsa and hot sauce were amazing but such a rip off.  This is a fun place to drink but when you drink you want snacks...so just expect to shell out a pretty penny or 100.  [haha?]
147	1	Every time I come to Vegas this place is a must. The servers are very sweet (shout out to Jessica, our amazing server, who told us to go for the waffle with strawberries and cream - it was amazing and fluffy and warm and oh man. Miss it already. Sigh) and their little egg notification for need something/satisfied) is adorable. Go. You won't regret it.  Get the skillet. Their potatoes are SO GOOD.   Check in for their free banana nut muffin. It's also SO GOOD.   What are you waiting for? Go!!!
232	1	I love this place, it's my 4th time here and it's kinda become a tradition to eat lunch before heading back into LA. All the servers and cocktail servers are pleasant. While waiting for our table we went into the lounge and had cocktails by the fire pit. Best Bloody Mary in town, honestly! We loved our lunch today. Corned beef hash was amazing. I don't remember the lady's name who was our server, she had blonde hair, probably in her 50's? She was awesome.
1840	0	Not impressed at all. After a long night, you just NEED that noodle soup. Since I'm staying in the Cosmo, I noticed this place and performed a quick Yelp. Ive noticed most of the reviews mentioned the service was lacking and the food is good. I had a complete opposite experience, buy anywho. Eddie my server went through the menu and I explained to him all I really want is the noodle soup so he guided me to swallow in the cloud (their version of a Hong Kong wonton soup).  Great, I love wonton soups. So for the price the portion is small. Which I get, branded by a chef and I am in Vegas. The first thing one should do when they are handed noodle soup is to sample the broth. I'm not sure how they make their broth, but I might as well have drank water.  The broth was tasteless  and unsatisfying. To make it a little better, I had to use ALL the chile sauce that accompanied the dish. Which is fine because I enjoy spice, but what about the next person who cannot handle spice?  Anyways, the noodles was overcooked. It lacked the chewiness that noodles should have. Everything else was tolerable.   The only saving grace from me walking out was the server who served me. Eddie thanks for making this meal tolerable.   No Bueno.
748	1	This is probably one of the best (if not the best) Thai places I've been to. I make it a point to visit Lotus of Siam every time I visit LV. Please *please* order something special off their expansive menu, and not just stick with the ho-hum. The flavors are multifaceted, and not just overpowered by one spice... Though I do have one story to tell.....  So, I ate here once a couple of years ago with my wife and our Joisey friends. Everyone else were pansies and ordered a "3" or "4" spiciness for their dishes, and of course I ordered an "8" for my Kang Hoh - a stir-fry pork dish with different veggies sprinkled about. I was having the greatest time with it... until I bit into this orange pepper. It took about half a second before my whole body went berserk. Apparently, if you order an "8", they cook the dish with habaneros, then they were supposed to take it out. But they missed one. Let's just say that this lone pepper hurt me again and again for the next 12 hours. And I was the butt of all jokes for the rest of the trip.
546	0	I am really torn on this one...a cool club, nice decor, cool enough hosts.  The bottle service thing is a racket in itself...but I was overcharged and in my ummmm....altered state I failed to see that I was overcharged by a bottle (what's $450 between friends right?).  Easy enough to correct right?  Call the club, fix it, done...right?  WRONG.  I was told that because I signed the tab...tough luck...even though the staff REMEMBERED NOT SERVING ME THE EXTRA BOTTLE!!!  Best they could do was comp me a bottle next time I am in Vegas...gee thanks...I would have gone back anyway, but now its like....will go back again after collecting the comp?  Quick update, I finally made it back to Vegas and called to set up the bottle I paid for back in March...of course the manager I worked with is no longer there, and they refused to do anything besides assuring me of a "really nice table"...um you basically stole from me....  Shame on me for not being more careful and assuming my bill was prepared correctly...  Spend your money elsewhere is my recommendation.
1836	0	i would give this place zero star if i could. (typical raging yelper quote) i am not mad, because i got two buffet for free. i am just mad that i had to spend my dinner eating garbage they serve here when i could've had eaten else where, and be satisfied.  okay, back to realism.  there are quiet bit of selection of food to choose from, and they could look deceivingly good.  but the taste is where my rage-review comes from.  imagine the most horrifying cafeteria food, or your nearby worst buffet food, combine them and you have mgm grand buffet.   their rooms are nice , but this buffet needs to move out to elsewhere.   jesus, how do they maintain this buffet place?  dinner $29.99 - lol, i won't even pay $4.99 to eat that crap again.
1074	0	Rooms are decent and the beds are VERY COMFY! Free access to the pool and amenities when we went.  Downside: Our toilet was spewing like a geyser and we saw a humungo roach crawl across the floor. Called maintenance/front and they acted like we should've expected it....that was after the 3rd call to them. WOW!  Tip: Try the raspberry mojito at the pool bar. The 2 for 1 drink specials are gonna get you snockerbockered!
913	1	Seriously the best burgers I have ever eaten. My friends and I go to Vegas several times a year and we always go to Bachi Burger several times each trip. You have to try the Kalbi burger and the truffle fries. The sodas are great too. Don't hesitate to try something new because EVERYTHING is so good there.
759	0	I don't get it.  We had bottle service.  The drinks were meh.  The music wasn't much better.  I couldn't get my dance on.  Tao kept launching streamers in the air which of course landed in my champagne each and every time.  Strict dress code.  *Please keep in mind that I am not a clubber, I like to lounge Hollywood style.
24	0	Yeah this place is so unfriendly to guys its not even funny. Granted I was with my family so clubbing was more of an afterthought instead of the main event. We didn't have time to go look for passes or get on the guestlist. We get there around 11:30pm. Yeah yeah sorry for being a tourist first. We wait in line for 25 mins in the general admission line and its 20 bucks each.. Me and 3 girls equals 80 bucks WTF. I think tao doesn't know there's a recession or maybe doesn't care. I should have seen it when they walk 12 girls in and 2 mins later they all walk out. If I was with the guys I would have followed them instead going inside. What are they thinking, hot girls never want to pay cover. I did see some guy get in with the laced vans though.  when we get in its a huge cluster f#*k as usual. No room to dance or do anything. We go and head to the bar. 4 drinks were 67 bucks plus tips. At least the bartenders are fast and courteous. It doesn't matter because the marketing genius behind tao wants to shoot foam into the air everywhere, especially into your drink so you can go buy another. Forget about my $300 blazer.   Oh I wanna give a big F U to one of the bouncers. I had this glowstick with me from a concert I brought into the club. I started ravin' out for kicks. Some hot chick on the 'girls catwalk' sees me and asks for it. I ask the bouncer if I can give to her in person. He goes naw, I can't let you walk through the VIP tables... I give it to the bouncer and he walks it over. She blows me a kiss and walks down from the catwalk. I try to going through crowd to meet up but I never see her again. Thanks Mr. cockblocker, you made my night.
1161	1	Loved this place... its off strip but worth the drive out here.  The crispy duck was awesome with tons of flavors and an awesome sauce.  The garlic shrimp was unique as you can eat the entire shrimp (shell and all) since they fry the shell and it melts in your mouth when you eat it!  The only cons I would say was the service was spotty at times as it took 10-15mins to even get waiter to order.  But once we did get the waiter, we had pretty good service afterwards.  The portions are smaller than average but then again what they make up for portions, they gain in flavor and quality.  I would suggest ordering 2 dishes & appetizer or 3 dishes for a party of two.  It is a little more pricier than the average thai place but well worth it!
682	1	We went here in our September 2012 trip. We had a reservation ( you likely will not get in without one) and still had to wait about 20 minutes for our table.  Not a big deal. We both got strong drinks, very well prepared.  The bread assortment was very  nice.  I had the Beef Wellington.  OMG, I am still dreaming of this dish!  It was perfect to the last bite.  My husband had the short ribs and he said they were very good as well. We wanted to try a dessert but didn't have room.  But we will next time we go in May. Don't pass this place by, you will regret it.
151	0	Do not stay here! The room was so disgusting that I could not even spend the night. There were stains all over the carpet, it smelled musty/moldy, the bathroom was falling apart (i.e. the floor was missing pieces, the counter was stained, the shower was dirty), and on top of all of this the walls were paper thin! My fiance and I were only there 10 minutes before our neighbors arrived and we could hear their entire conversation. I understand not to expect much at the low rate they offer, but the fact that I couldn't even take my shoes off or was willing to put any of my belongings on the bed was enough to force me out of there. There are far better places to stay in Vegas!!
1573	0	Nothing more than an attempt at a fancy diner with the outcome of failure.  1. Overpriced for what you get.  $14 for a sandwich and fries. Should've been half the price.  2. Below average food. I got an angus steak melt on rye with sauteed onions and swiss that came with a side of fries . I asked for medium well, and it was pink. The whole sandwich was bland. No flavors at all. The onions were bland. The meat was bland. The fries tasted like McDonald's or Dairy Queen's.  Go to Spice Market Buffet if you want good food at PH.
1014	0	Golden Corral in general is just not what they make it see on tv bottom line. The only thing I liked about this was the service. Im never coming back here. For $18.00 i literally cant believe it. The food quality is cheap and gross. Took not more then 2 bites of my dinner and the proceeded   To the fruits and sweet section. Even my favorite bread pudding i feel like its so good everywhere I go but not here... It was dry and just eh. And dont even get me started on the ratchetry At this location, even though I know its just the location but still.
1889	1	Went with some friends who were visiting and I was really excited to try this place. It was definitely a vegas bucket list for me. The space is hidden on the 10th floor of the Venetian and it's kind of hard to find. The restaurant I think is a beautiful open space with a classic French design. The menu isn't too expansive. It's small and the way it's organized can be a little confusing.   We started off with mimosas, escargot, froie grois pate, and the small seafood platter as appetizers. They also served is complimentary bread with the most delicious butter and blackberry jam combination. I loved the escargots . It can with a puff pastry on top to soak up the garlicky oil goodness. I even dipped extra bread in that sauce. The texture of the escargot and flavor was on point. The froie was good but it's was really hard. Like a spoon can stand upright in it. I definitely like the taste of a actual froie filet better but texture of this was good. I give it 3/5 stars.   The seafood platter was a beauty. We couldn't stop snapping pics of it. The lobster is flavored and it was delicious. The texture was a little chewy. The shrimp was also plump and fresh but it would have been "crispier" if you know what I mean. The oysters were delicious!  Both kinds were. Sweet and fresh. Loved them. The mussels were ok. Could have passed on that.  We didn't get our mimosas until after the appetizers and the waitress felt so bad she gave it to us on the house. That was such a sweet gesture. I love it when restaurants comp things for you when service isn't just right.   For main dishes we got the croquet Madame, the salmon plate, the burger and the steak hash which was the special. The croque Madame is so rich and buttery and gluttonous. I don't think I can eat all of that but my friends did. We also upgraded to truffle fries and that was an excellent idea since it was delicious and the biggest hit. I liked my salmon plate. Nothing special and it's something you can make at home though. The steak hash wasn't that great actually. For 30 bucks it tasted like the steak hash I can get at a diner.   Overall it was a great experience and the service was wonderful. Somethings in the menu are superb, some are just good ( standard but not worth the price) and yes guys this place is pricey.
185	0	I had a fairly disappointing experience at Tao this past Friday night.  I booked a table here for my bachelorette party.  Even though we paid extra for the guaranteed main room table placement, we still weren't in the desirable table area and were pretty much in the hallway, which was annoying after paying so much extra for what I thought was one of the good tables.  The service at the table was great - we got brought in quickly, our security/ drink pourer guy was great, waitress was very friendly.    As a girl, I like to wear very high heels.  And at Tao that was no exception - I wore my 5 inch high stilettos and as usual enjoyed attempting to look like I could walk in them while drinking.  TWICE I was brought to the "drunk girl" area and told that I am too drunk, clearly cause I was stumbling in my shoes.  They made me take my shoes off, walk in a straight line, and talk to them for a bit to I was completely fine, which I was.  It was extremely frustrating that after paying a shit ton for a table to be carted off and told I'm about to get kicked out for not being able to walk in my shoes, just to twice have them confirm I'm completely fine.  There were nicer, better, and faster ways to handle that situation.  The dance floor was REALLY packed.  IMO I think it is too small as it was almost impossible to move around out there.  I would have preferred a little more room.  Also as part of the bachelorette package, I was supposed to get a cake, and the cake never came.  I complained the next morning and they sent the cake to my hotel room which was nice but it didn't arrive till after we went out for the evening which was annoying  Anyways - I would never go back to Tao, but I'm sure it's not terrible for everyone.  Make sure to wear shoes you can walk in :)
886	1	Never in my life did I expect to succumb to the chicken and waffles craze. But my friend invited me here for brunch and after reading the reviews I had to consider it.  And then I ordered it. And oh my was it delicious. Moan with happiness every five minutes delicious. I pretty much had a near religious experience with this dish. The roasted chicken + brown Thanksgiving-style gravy paired with the bacon and chive waffle + vanilla bean butter + maple syrup all sounds like an odd couple, but was absolutely and positively magical. The flavors mixed together so amazingly that I was in shock. Every now and then I'd eat only the chicken or waffle, but would quickly return to the well engineered combo. That's right, engineered - it was clear that this dish was well thought out.  Now that I've gushed about the chicken and waffles to the point of boring you, I must also note that the complimentary bread and butter were also divine. And the house coffee is some of the best coffee I've ever had. Truly an amazing experience all around, and one that I will be dreaming of frequently.
818	0	No wonder Tix4Tonite were pawning these tickets to us.  Bad.  Hubs and I came by Tix4Tonite to see what show tickets we could grab for the night scored on Zumanity tickets at 70% off.  Awesome.  They also told us about dining options which we figured, what the hell? How bad could it be?  We spent $19/each and got our vouchers for Pampas.  The food is descent.  But hella slow! Jeez people, this is a churrascuria.  You are supposed to walk around with yummy meats and slice them onto my plate!  WTF? Everyone was cleaning and shit.  I want my meat!!!  We saw maybe 3 guys walking around with meats the whole hour and a half we were there.    Never again.
1659	1	Place was amazing. We were told the wait was going to be 45 minutes for 2 people (on a Saturday at 7pm) and we went in 20.  Placed was packed! We sat at the counter so it was like sitting on "the Chefs" table. hehehe The Farm Burger was amazing and if you are goign to have an appetizer... you must try the chicken wings. The Honey-Wasabi was amazing!!
581	1	Located on the 3rd floor of The Cosmo, you will find a long, dark hallway covered with old schooled vinyl records that will lead you to the secret pizza joint! One of my favorites. You can order by the slice, which is $5/pop, or what I usually do is order the whole pizza back to the room to eat. It's definitely worth it even if there's only 2 people because you can always microwave it for another time! Be sure to call and place your take-out order about 40 minutes in advance to avoid any lines! They have an assorted variety to choose from, but my favorite is their white pizza, which is filled with garlic, cheese, and olive oil. Perfect after a long night of drunken fun!
1037	0	Date & Time:  Monday July 25, 2016 @ 9pm Dining Companions:  In- Laws, Mommy & Husband Scene:  Families in Tee Shirts & Shorts Decor:  6 Buffet Stations:  Salad, Raw Bar, Chinese, Italian, Mexican & Dessert Service:  Friendly Imbibe:  Self-Serve Fountain Soda & Iced Tea Devour:  Panna Cotta Mediocre:  Tortilla Soup, Corn-on-The-Cob, Apple Pie Total:  $125
1220	1	I've been watching Gordon Ramsey since I could remember and I felt so honored to be able to eat at his restaurant. I'm a burger eater, I eat a burger everywhere I go and his burger is the best of the bet burgers I've ever tasted! To eat at the restaurant of the man who hosts master chef/junior, Hell's Kitchen, and more, is almost surreal. I definitely hope e I can eat there again
408	1	I scoped the Yelp reviews of this place before we went for my birthday and was surprised to find so many poor reviews. I completely disagree with them too, by the way.   We made reservations for 9 pm on a Monday and I didn't make the reservations, but my boyfriend said he had no problem getting them a couple days before. I was pleasantly surprised by the modern feel of the place with the club-esque atmosphere.  The staff is friendly and knowledgeable. Our server, Charles, started us with the drink menu which comes on an iPad, but despite what it seems, you can't actually order drinks from the iPad. We ordered a Vesper and the HK Antioxident [sic]. For appetizers, we ordered the foie gras and half dozen oysters. Before our appetizers came out we got bread and drinks. The panchetta bread was delicious and I could have eaten a whole loaf by myself. For our entree we ordered the wellington for two and we were informed it would take 45 minutes which was fine with us although I'm sure some people would have been less than satisfied with such a wait. Our waiter walked us through the cuts of meat that we had to choose from with the meat cart which is a little unorthodox, but if you don't know much about steak or you forget the difference between a porterhouse and a ribeye, it's good to know what you're getting.  It took longer than say, Chili's, but by the time we finished our appetizers plus 5 or 10 minutes, our wellington was out. We also had a side of creamed spinach which was very tasty. Charles had recommended one side to split and said we'd have the perfect amount of food and he was correct. I thought I would have no room for dessert, but I was wrong. Enter the sticky toffee pudding with brown butter ice cream. This is a must have dessert. We split an order and it was the perfect sweet ending to a phenomenal dinner.   Everything beginning to end was the caliber of food I would expect from a place with Ramsay's name on it. The waitstaff was knowledgeable and I would definitely go back here. However, if you're looking for a quick meal, this is not the place to go. It is a great experience though if you love and appreciate good food.
1706	0	Went for breakfast - I remember this place being much better several years ago. Waiter was kinda a dick (until I tipped him!), the food was mostly cold (I'd say over 60% of the food was at room temperature). The bonus - no wait. Blackberries are good.
1529	0	If I can, I would give 0 or minus star.. it is horrible. The room is old and not sanitary. No lights for the emergency exist. There was a power outage last night. I know it is not totally the hotel's fault, but they didn't even bother to supply the back up power to their customers. When we checked out, the lady did not even comfort the customer's inconvenience. How rude could you be this way?!! I would not recommend this hotel at all for purposes.
1343	1	Best Thai food I've had in America. Some of the dish portions were smaller that I expected but we were in a large group and all the dishes were gobbled up really quickly. I loved the duck curry and Thai ice teas!! Wish I had more time to go back again! It's a must stop for international foodies!
1986	0	we came here for lunch in a large group and were utterly confused by the menu.  like everyone says, it's a restaurant w/ chinese and mexican food, not chinese-mexican fusion.  we started w/ pork buns, shuimai and veg dumplings, and they weren't really authentic.  i then got some cellophane noodle dish w/ 2 prawns in it.  it was pretty good, but at $18, it was kind of outrageous.  my friends who got tacos weren't even full, b/c they were so tiny, but they were like $6.50 each.  we ended up paying $40 a person for a very mediocre lunch.  definitely not worth it.
329	1	Delicious food! Loved the Salmon Carpaccio, it was succulent and tasty! We enjoyed a wide range of meat and vegetables from the menu.  The kimchi and other salads provided complimented the meat chosen.  The staff was quick, efficient and very helpful.  I would definitely return for dinner or lunch!
1237	0	If you're planning on paying for a buffet on the Strip, allow me to convince you otherwise, because it is definitely not worth it. However, if you find yourself with some complementary buffet vouchers, let the Wycliff flow! Most of the food here is standard buffet, which is to say, bad, but there are some palatable items to be had if you look carefully enough. I went with the gyros, available near the salad bar. Also acceptable-looking were the salads themselves. For dessert, I hunkered down for some frozen instant pudding (or gelato, as they call it around these parts), which tasted good enough. As an aside, I noticed a lot of people putting their faith in the raw bar here, and I haven't heard news of a salmonella outbreak, so that's something. Sparkling wine is complementary, so drink up!
836	1	I don't know if anyone could ever convince me to re-review a restaurant, my first impression is typically good enough for me, and should be for everyone else. Even if you argue that I went to a location on an 'off day' I could really care less, if you are a professional and have opened a restaurant, there should be no such thing as an off day. I will however, go back to a place just for the pure enjoyment if it is good enough. Such is the case with Bachi Burger. I went many months ago, it's been one of the best burgers I've had in Vegas to date and I've had many people ask to go there with me. I've been twice in the last two weeks, and I'm not sure if I'm glad I went back.  Since my first visit, they have finally added a few permanent, lit signs to the outside of the building so its presence is a little more noticeable. The dcor hasn't changed at all, with simple loose tables and chairs, plain white walls, and some Asian-inspired photos for sale. I went once for dinner in the middle of the week, and the other day again for lunch. Both times I was able to sit right away unlike the first time, but that's about where the consistency stops. The night I went for dinner it was fairly busy, but our waitress helped us right away with drinks, and took our orders fairly promptly. I had pretty good company that night so I can't remember how long our wait was for the actual food, but between the appetizer and burgers I don't think it was too bad.  My lunch visit was far worse. The friend I was with didn't quite know what she wanted to order right away, so after his first visit our waiter said he'd be back in a few minutes. I think we waited almost 20 minutes for him to return, and at least another 25 for our food to arrive once ordered. We sat down at 12:30pm in the middle of lunch, it was fairly busy but by the time we ordered the place had mostly cleared out so I didn't see why it would take that long. Her unpreparedness aside, our entire lunch took almost an hour and a half from sitting down to finishing our meal, far too long for folks that typically have an hour lunch break around town. I'm not sure if this is a common occurrence during the day, but considering that two out of three meals I've eaten here were sub-par in the service category, I might be noticing a trend here.  The food itself is fantastic. Since having a Kiki burger on my first visit, I have since tried the Ronin burger and the Kalbi burger. Both burgers came out medium rare just as ordered, had all fresh, amazing toppings, and did not disappoint. The different combinations of kim chee, kalbi sauce, fried egg, and other Asian-inspired toppings are all succulent and the best examples of their flavor. I had the pickles during one meal which consisted of not your typical pickles, but pickled daikon, garlic, cauliflower and a few other items. It was delicious and different. Not too filling, but great flavor and a good prep for things to come. Both times I stuck to the parmesan and black truffle fries per request from my company at the table. The fries have great flavor, but during my most recent visit I had the chance to eat some of the fries with little seasoning on them near the bottom, and they weren't too great on their own. Still, all of the fries I have seen and tried here are loaded with seasoning and great in flavor.  I'm not going to bother giving Bachi a new score, the burgers have been incredibly consistent and fantastic, but the service is just not what it should be from visit to visit. If you're not on a lunch break or in a rush, it is well worth the visit and still in my opinion one of the best burgers you can have in town. If impeccable service is your thing, then you need to loosen up a bit and get in here to see what you're missing out on. And if you are an employee of Bachi, please take note of my service comments. I'm sure you get slammed during lunch time and at dinner, but respect the hour-long lunch break and try to find ways to get your customers in and out of there with some efficiency.
899	1	Amazing. Food-gasm. Thomas effing Keller to the rescue. Words cannot describe my experience at Bouchon. I had the chicken, for god's sakes, and it was INCREDIBLE. The baguette? Like I had in Paris (yep, threw in the pretentious Paris card). Even the butter was amazing. Ended the meal with the lemon tart and could have died I was so happy. Do yourself a favor--go to Bouchon. Just go.
155	0	Love the frozen hot chocolates but the service was really bad for us!! We sat down and waited for ten minutes and had to flag someone down to ask to take our order. "I'll find a server for you."  was his response. A family sat down right after and a server tended to them right away. We looked around and noticed that we were the minorities. Id hate to pull the race card but thats how I'm perceiving it. Disappointed is what I am.
809	1	My wife and I got married in Vegas last week, and I wanted to celebrate by going out to Bouchon. I've always wanted to dine at one of Chef Keller's restaurants, and if ever there was a perfect opportunity, this was it.   I made reservations a few weeks prior, and told them about the wedding. When we arrived, they immediately congratulated us on our marriage, which made us feel very special. Even our server congratulated us. Very classy.   We enjoyed foie gras, which was amazing. Dinner was great, and our server made a great recommendation on wine pairing.   Service was par excellance. Efficient, attentive but never over-bearing.   They even comped our dessert, which was an incredible pastry.   For the money they charge, my expectations were quite high. The staff not only met, but exceeded my expectations by miles.   I hope we have the opportunity to return. Chef Keller and his staff are truly the best at what they do.
1492	1	Where to start. We had been up for roughly 24 hrs when we sat down at midnight to eat dinner. I was whatever a combination of sick, shitfaced and sleep-absent is and got a drink with ginger beer in it that tasted fantastic and immediately made me feel worse; this I was expecting so no deductions. The in house dj had his system up far enough to interfere with those ears trying to make sense of the Bellagio fountain coordination a mile away but no matter-he was great and had enormous hair. I got a Kobe burger with chips, garlic pickles , and something red on it and it was perfect despite the waitress leering at me when I asked for it well. The french fries came in an exciting metal pail that apparently had been heated in an oven since earlier in the week, and didn't cool down prior to us leaving. We also had the mini tacos which were small but no points deducted as the menu called them effing small so whatever. The girls and their black dresses left for the Marquee Club and a petite Indian man who would welcome them into his private tent and Robert and I ordered another drink and went to find the Cosmo poker room which doesn't exist.
1847	1	Thomas Keller can do no wrong.  Everything I tried for brunch was uhhhmazing! It is located on the 10th floor of the Venezia tower so you get a mini-view if you get a seat near the window.  The Croque Madame had the perfect salty bite.  You get a ham and cheese sandwich, toasted and buttered to perfect.  To top it off you get a sunny-side up egg. Calories-Smalories. You cannot skimp on this greatness.  Break into the yolk and ZOMG... sauce to moisten the sandwich and to mix in with the sauce that reminds me of hollandaise.  Comes with a side of fries but you can ask for potatoes or fruit.  The sandwich is somewhat heavy so the size is perfect for a brunch meal.  The Sourdough Waffle was also amazing.  You don't need to extra syrup or butter because the waffle is by itself sweet enough.  It is topped with pecans and apples so it feels like you are eating a pie instead of a waffle.  The sourdough flavor is light but only if you nibble the edges of the waffle that is not topped with the sauce.  Raspberry filled beignets were also a great appetizer.  The waffle was light and pretty crumbly.  The raspberry jam was not overly sweet so the sugar coating makes it a bit that isn't overpowering.  I loved the feel of this restaurant in addition to the service and the coffee.  Yes, the coffee.  I don't know what coffee they brew but it wasn't sour tasting and I kept wanting refills. A must try when you are in Vegas and looking for a superb brunch location.
495	1	Where else can you get the best tasting pizza in the world at 5am?! Of course, it's Vegas.  Secret Pizza has been there for me too many Vegas trips in a row. And every time, I have to end my night at Marquee with a giant white slice.  But please.. stop raising your prices :(  $4+ for a slice!
1927	1	Yes, yes and yes. Go up to the 3rd floor and walk forward from the escalators. You'll see an unmarked hallway and then you'll smell pizza... So good. Both their new York style crust and Sicilian are great. The white pie has garlic and cheeses. Ricotta to be specific!! So good. You won't regret this nice little break from the craziness of Vegas!
1254	1	Hash house has the best chicken and waffles.. My husband and I always take our friends here when they come in from out of town. No matter what time of day you go here the food is amazing and the portions are enormous... We always order our own food and take home 3/4 of our meal as that's how huge the portions are. If you're in town stop by here and order the chicken and waffles..
342	0	The worst cafe food in Las Vegas. Seriously! $5 for a baked potato that has been sitting all day and barely reheated. The inside was light brown...possibly cooked the day before. The pork fried rice obviously had suggest in it. Steve's blood sugar skyrocketed to almost 300 after eating 1/4 of a bowl. I tasted it and told him to stop eating it immediately. I could taste the sugar. $40 later for rice and a potato.
173	1	Such an expensive burger, but if you're offering an east coast exclusive restaurant on the west coast, expect people to line up. My friends and I got here right before peak dinner hour so the line was negligible.   I got the SmokeShack, it was pretty good, idk if I liked the chili peppers? I really liked the bread and how flavorful the patty was. The cheese fries were alright, kinda felt like it tasted like fake cheese (like they put on nachos) but tasted less like "fake" cheese.  The restaurant was really clean and well-ventilated! I like the ketchup and mustard dispensers, you don't have to pump it. It's more like a ketchup and mustard faucet. Lol
872	0	Wow.  You would think that this place would have a warning sign saying "Everything here is great....except the buffet".  This place was remniscent of an old-folks home in the midwest.  Bland, boring, really not good food.  I felt like I was on an all-you-can-eat crap-fest.  Trying to choose the least bad thing there.  Looking back, I should have asked for my money back.
477	1	A friend and I went here last night for the first time.  Completely blown away from start to finish!! Even the chairs (we noticed there were different ones available, depending on the table you were sat at. Ours were red leather.) were amazing!! The staff was so professional and knowledgeable about everything on the menu (your table is serviced by multiple staff members) and were "spot on" with there recommendations!!! The complementary breads served were absolutely delicious! We ordered the pork belly appetizer and were so impressed!! Definitely recommend that, if you go!!! For our main course, we ordered both the beef Wellington (how could you skip that??), and the Kobe filet with a butter poached lobster tail. Fingerling potatoes with truffles, and mac'n cheese, rounded off the meal. Ok...when a steak is so tender, your knife has difficulty cutting it because any pressure forces the meat to "surrender"....RIDICULOUS!!! Get the Kobe!!! Beef Wellington...amazing!! Both sides?....amazing!!! Portions, especially the lobster tail, seemed a bit small, but that worked out "famously," giving us "room" for dessert! All I can say is...the toffee pudding thing is OUT OF THIS WORLD!!! I eat out A LOT, and this may have been the best restaurant experience I've ever had!!!
5	0	first I must say I liked the salad bar area, because they serve it to you and that cuts back on germs and it was good. However the for the price i was expecting more of a selection in foods. The desert section is great. they have cotton candy. My waitress kept getting our drink orders wrong. Oh, and my coffee was lukewarm.  between my husband and myself the meal cost about $50.  I think it was just to expensive for what you get. I will not return there, i have had better buffet  experiences for a lot less money.
1802	0	I came here for a quick birthday treat with my friends and family. Hoping that Serendipity would live up to it's bragging rights as a great dessert shop, and at a really good location, I was slightly disappointed.  Now, first, lets just talk about the positives about the shop. I think the frozen hot chocolates does live up to its expectation. It is amazing, and delicious! We had the classic Serendipity regular hot chocolate, and the amaretto hot chocolate. My favorite was the amaretto. I would definitely go back to try it again, and I can almost be sure that sometime soon I will crave for it (come spring or summer time). Judging by the price comparison that was described on the photo captions on their yelp page, and their menu, it looks like the prices have gone up. We paid $13  for the hot chocolate size that fits for two. The portion is big and it was good enough for three people to feel satisfied, and less guilty. The onion ring tower was ok. It is seasoned with grated Parmesan, and it comes with a BBQ and Ranch as dipping sauces. We also had the lobster and artichoke dip with bruschetta slices. That was about $13, and felt really robbed. 8 small pieces of bread and  miniature cup of dipping? I wanted to cause a scene for that ridiculousness!   Now the bad side, the service is freaking horrible. I mean, seriously seriously bad. I'm pretty easy going and it's very hard to let me down, but on the day of my birthday when everything was going great the one thing that slightly destroyed it all was the service. The hostesses weren't really doing their job. We had no welcoming greet, no small talk, and I even saw frowns on their faces! Then, our server Jessie didn't really tend to us very much. She asked us only ONCE if we wanted more water and that was AFTER she gave us the check? She never even checked up on us, and the place was freaking slow! Her "have a nice day" just seemed so insincere and animated. I just felt like I was completely disregarded, and that I was some person who didn't deserve some decent service because I didn't "look" the part or something. I just felt so bad..i mean this is the second worst service I've ever had and the first was McDonald's! But I can't even blame them because they are probably slaving in the kitchen at a low paying wage!   Work at McDonald's flipping burgers if you aren't gonna even TRY to give good service! For the price I fork up for freaking frozen hot chocolate I should at least get decent service.
166	0	Quite fair.  For reference - I've been to several other churrascarias - from Boston, MA to Nairobi, Kenya.  I came in alone killing some time and needing a quick lunch while out in Vegas for a conference.  To be frank, the food quality at Pampas just kind of lacks.  The salad bar was mostly bland and ill-prepared or overcooked.  The service was fine, but sometimes awkward and at times brusk.  I attend my conference annually and won't be back to Pampas next year.
1906	0	Terrible nothing tasted right. Maybe I'm spoiled because I always eat at the buffet at the Wynn but this was disgusting. What a waste. Cold eggs stale waffles fatty bacon and ham. The only saving grace was  the omelette and even that was mediocre at best.
914	0	holy moly. the worst buffet ever. it was like a bad hometown buffet. my husband had two small plates and decided he didnt want to put his taste buds through any more misery and just start pounding away at their complimentary  beer. everything was cold and extremely salty. i had a bite of the prime rib and i felt like i just put a cube of salt in my mouth -_- at one point they even ran out of clean plates! this buffet cost more than the wicked spoon (which i love) for two ppl we payed about 65$ this buffet was worth 15.99 per person. will never return
1211	0	Nothing special.  Just like other mentioned, they are like Denny's happened to be at the Bellagio.  If you are Denny's kind of person, this is a place for you but be ready to pay Bellagio price.   They prioritize seating for Mlife members but not for the hotel guests.  You will be asked to be in the same line with bunch of other random tourists just visiting for the conservatory.  Noisy!!  You are expected to get fed and go.   If you are staying at Bellagio, go to the Pool cafe which only opens for the hotel guests.  They are soooo much better than this Denny's.
1459	1	We had dinner here on Christmas Day. It was very busy but yet the service was superb. There were 4 of us so I was expecting that the service will be a little sluggish given the holidays. So, that said, It's pretty safe to say that you can come this place anytime of the year and still get the best service. If you do visit, try their Specialties. I guarantee you, you will leave this restaurant happy and satisfied. Oh, and save room for desserts!
743	1	Great food and good service. The Shackcago Dog was just perfect for me. And the shake was great. Crispy crinkle fries with not too much salt were tasty. Got there at 10:30 am and there was already a line. Once it opened the line moved pretty quickly. I'm local and will definitely go again.
517	0	WORST EXPERIENCE EVER!!! This place got me hella sick!  A whole day in Vegas ruined!!!   Never eat the chili!!! Right after I ate the hotdog, my stomach was killing me.  I had the runs and I threw up. A whole night in Vegas spent lying in bed sick because of this.
331	1	Last week, I had the choice of any reasonable place in Las Vegas for my graduation lunch. Having only had the lunch buffet before at Lotus of Siam, I decided to atone for my past errors in judgment.  I had an opportunity to read the articles all over the waiting area in the twenty minutes or so of wait time, so I learned that Lotus of Siam has been open since around 2000. Amazing. I'll bet the plaza in which they're located was also pretty rundown back then, but the quality of their food has probably not lessened and their reputation has only soared. I did my research this time and, along with some appetizer suggestions from my mom, we picked a lot of specialties and Northern Thai menu options.  The food arrived all at once after perhaps fifteen minutes. Patience is a virtue, as we were rewarded with delicious food. For starters, the tod mun plar (#7, $8.95) was a great take on a deceptively simple fish cakes with nice pickled cucumber. The nam kao tod (#14, $7.95), everybody's favorite crispy rice dish, was definitely yummy but a little too sour for my taste. Also very delicious but not suited for my palate was the yum nuah (#36A, $12.95), which is a great beef salad that's just too spicy for me and paralyzed me in fire and sweat for a few minutes. The spicy catfish with basil leaves (#85, $14.95) was a solid if small portion of sauteed fish in a basil sauce  After recovering from the yum nuah, I delved into the Northern specialties. The khao soi (#A, $9.95) was one of my favorite tastes of the meal. To call it an egg noodle curry is not nearly doing it justice, so I'll just say that you'd better order it when you get the chance. The kha nom jean nam ngyow (#G, $9.95) is a non-spicy pork and rice vermicelli dish that reminds me slightly of a certain Vietnamese dish called bun rieu, but I wouldn't have this one again as it seemed a bit boring compared to some other dishes. The last item from this part of the menu was the nam prik ong (#I, $10.95), a non-spicy dish consisting of a red chili paste and various items to dip into it. Pretty nice, possibly worthy of a repeat, but not a palate dazzler either.  I think the best item we had may have been the garlic prawns (on the chef's choice menu, $22.95). They are certainly pricey, and they are actually kinda worth it. Very crunchy, perfectly cooked, and just delicious. And even considering the modest portions of other dishes, definitely a splurge.  Having finally had items from the proper menu, I can now confidently express my opinion that Lotus of Siam deserves all of its praise. I don't know if I'd tell somebody to fly here just for one restaurant, but when you are in Las Vegas, you must make this a destination. Oh, and you'll definitely want to reserve well in advance if you choose dinner hours. Just saying.
1129	1	Coming from Ohio, we had no idea where to go for brunch until my brother suggested The Egg & I. The food was awesome! Oscar, our waiter gave us the best service possible! The other staff members were so nice as well. We waited, but not long considering it was Sunday morning! The banana nut muffin is delicious and the portions we received were huge! Great place to go if you're looking for a breakfast/lunch idea!
1114	1	What and Amazing Experience! The food was flavorful, freshly prepared, and spot on! What an amazing wine list - my friend is a Sommelier - was mesmerized by the variety and affordable price point. The only thing that I have to say negative is that the service is not nearly as OUTSTANDING as the food!
858	0	Please Tell me, you are not ready  to serve a full buffet yet ! Awesome architecture. People expect more than a prime rib and turkey roast.... Please take a walk over to the Wynn, you can use my $34.00 to buy a buffet with several entrees and hundred more combinations.   Desert menu is OK, but it doesn't make up for stale tomatoes in the salads, they had a pickled taste !  Complained to personnel, didn't even care.   If you are not ready, you should have opened in January.
1611	1	I went to Vegas in January.  I ate here the majority of the time.  These burgers were the shit, dude!  Very fresh, and well prepared. I don't quite remember what I got on most of the burger. Can you blame me? My family came to Vegas before this time, and said this place was awesome. They did not lie.
1463	1	We dined here last night for my boyfriends birthday. The food was amazing. The service was also amazing.   We ordered the chorizo stuffed lobster and the pork belly for appetizers. Both were equally delicious.   For main courses I ordered the beef Wellington and my boyfriend ordered the bone in rib eye. I'm a total fan of Hell's Kitchen which is why I ordered the Wellington. It certainly did not disappoint. The meat literally melted in your mouth.   While it was expensive, I felt it was worth every penny. I called ahead of time and ordered a dessert for his birthday. The sticky toffee pudding is spot on. ORDER IT! (If you have room)   Great place to celebrate a special occasion!! We will be back!
1377	0	Attitude doesn't get tips. They charged to watch a fight. Once you're in, they charge to allow to be seated to eat.  I didnt want to be charged to be seated so we went to the outside bar under a heater. The table in front of us didn't get a working heater so the waiter decides to take the one we were comfortably standing under.  Wow just because we didnt pay the Extra $$ ! Really?!?! I explained to the waiter he didnt need to take the heater we were under becuase as they said "first come first serve" I guess we need to pay for the heater too! How much?? I already paid $50 per bucket of beers (x2 so far). Purchased food, .... anything else we gotta pay for?
451	1	Quite possibly the best New York style pizza you'll find on the West Coast. If you've dealt with sub-par NY pizza around town, come to this pizza place and you will not be disappointed.  As you walk through the vintage Italian album collage leading to pizza paradise, you'll find a few gems - including an old San Remo cover - before finding your cheesy reward.  They use cornmeal to crisp the crust and the cheese is stringy and delish.  It feels like a pizza speakeasy amid so many trendy restaurants on that level inside Cosmopolitan, but well worth the mystery hunt to get there.
1239	1	5 star service from beginning to end.  The waiters took great care of us, helped answer all of our questions, and were incredibly knowledgeable.  You're going to pay a great deal, but it's a great meal and experience.  The steaks were cooked perfectly, the drinks were great, and the sides were amazing! Be ready to drop a great deal of money, but when you're in Vegas and with a name like Gordon Ramsay attached to it, you know what you're getting into.
1915	0	Cool decor (as you would expect in Vegas). I had the beef chow fun and the noodles themselves were good but the dish overall was pretty bland. All of the other food that was put out on tables next to me didn't look too impressive either. Not impressed.
429	0	This is for breakfast only.  I have to agree with Jax P.  Bland and soggy were the key words.  Service was subpar.  I asked for coffee, but nearly had to hunt down the server for cream.  There were a ton of bagels out, but no toaster or cream cheese.  The fruit was not ripe, the smoked salmon could have been much more flavorful, the sweets were completely unappealing and the cooked dishes were greasy.  The two roasted meats were the best things there.    The best part?  My stomach ached for hours after eating a small meal here.
1247	0	I was looking around for some place to have lunch before going to the Shark reef Aquarium and I just happened to pass this place. They had their menu on the outside and I saw they had a lobster roll. That is all I needed. So I went to the hostess and got seated. I was told a server would be by shortly. Um not what happened. Now the place was virtually empty and I noticed my server had looked over and saw me sitting there waiting but he never came up and offered me a drink or anything. He just kept staring at me and carried on conversations with his co workers. It made me very uncomfortable. Then he finally comes up and asks me if I am ready. He offers no apology for the wait or the fact that he saw me sitting there and did nothing. He did not ask me if I wanted a drink or anything like servers normally ask first he just asked me if I was ready and had a huge attitude when he asked. The annoying tone in his voice was like I had kept him waiting while I stared at the menu forever or something like that. His attitude surprised me considering I knew what I wanted from the second I walked in and I was the one who was kept waiting but ok. I also wanted to get to the Shark Reef aquarium before I started collecting my social security so if anyone should've been annoyed it should have been me. I ordered my food and guess what more waiting. Again he was too busy doing his own thing to go check on my food. It took almost 30 minutes to get my food. I know it was not the kitchen for one thing the lobster is served cold so is not like they have to cook the lobster and heat it up or anything and my side was coleslaw. How long does that take? I had already thought it was a mistake coming there because my server acted like a complete asshole but it was even worse after I tried this pitiful excuse for a lobster roll. It was disgusting. After I picked through my food I waited and waited for the server to bring me my check. I had to flag him down at some point because if not I would have sat there forever. Well wanting my check must have been a problem because Mr. Attitude acted even more stuck up when I flagged him down and asked for my check. Needless to say after $23 for that lunch I felt leaving unsatisfied and downright stupid for wasting my time and money there. The food was shitty and the customer service was even shittier. others many have a better experience but personally for me I will not ever waste my time and energy here again. Mandalay Bay and Vegas itself has WAY too many superior options for dining for me to waste me time where I am clearly not wanted.
262	1	This place is awesome.  The food is very reasonable priced and you get enough to feed 2-3 people on one item.  There is a sharing charge of $2.50.  He had the Mushroom, Sundried Tomato, Artichoke, & spinach Hash  with scrambled eggs, biscuit that had a peach jam (with actual cut peaches in it). It was delicious & ended up taking half to go, then ate some of mine.  I had the meatloaf sandwich.  OMG. The bread was a milk bread (huge thick slices toasted) with the meatloaf, cooked cheddar cheese, & tomato sauce.  The side of mac & cheese was delicious, but I suggest unless your hungry don't order it.  The sandwich was enough for 3 servings.   We sat at the bar since it was full around1:30p.m..  We noticed how they make an ice coffee while sitting at the bar, and let me say it looked yummy.    The menu is moderate, but I can say this, I will be back for something else from that menu.  If you are coming to Vegas, you need to check this place out.    Host greeted us with a smile and hello.  Food came out within 10 mins or so, bartender checked in with us constantly.
1293	0	Booked hotel room through Orbitz and received Complimentary Breakfast/Brunch.    Noticed the low star ratings but since it was Free Breakfast/Brunch, Sure, why not!  The food here is Bleh...    Prices for breakfast and brunch ranges from $17.25-$25.99...NOT WORTH IT!  Trust me, Go elsewhere!    Most of the items were cold, hard and dry...Yuck!  The worst is the eggs benedict, OMG Disgusting!  If you must eat here, stick with the strawberries n creme, chips w/ taco meat, bacon, string beans and asparagus...  ******************* Apparently, MGM Grand charged us for the Breakfast/Brunch buffets.  When we checked in, the front desk clerk told us it was included with the room.  We are currently in the process of disputing the charges. They have yet to return our calls or emails...  ******************** Update: After weeks of phone calls and emails, MGM finally credited us back the excessive charges (7/11/13).  It shouldn't have taken this long...
1140	1	We had a 5 star experience with 13 guests in a private area.  Service was excellent and timely.  We first received bread basket.  Then a great warm spinach & artichoke dip with pita chips.  My ginger beef was delish.  My neighbor's beef wellington was beautiful.  Another's chicken parm was excellent.  Their dessert carrot cake is excellent-well balanced.  Their prices are reasonable for such a class act.  They did take a long time between dinner and dessert-we were in there well over two hours but it was a perfect dining experience for our celebrating group.
335	1	It's my birthday, and the staff here really went above and beyond tonight to take care of us. I am so appreciative. It's rare, even among top restaurants, to feel like the staff truly care about your particular experience. Tonight I felt like I made new friends.   The rib cap was one of the best steaks I've ever had. The toffee pudding dessert is also now burned into my memory. It's amazing.   Special thanks to Tracy for such a great night.
1022	1	We were originally getting a breakfast buffet at the Wynn and decided it was too pricey. Did a quick yelp search and Egg & I appeared.  To make the review short: the skillets were huge and nicely made. Prime rib benedict was on point. But the star? The warm muffin. Could just eat that for breakfast and nothing else.  Service is great too. Our server, Thay, took our group pictures voluntarily and filled our glasses and coffee mugs frequently. Awesome food and service makes for a great experience.   Casino buffets move aside. Come here for breakfast but leave a spot open for me.  5/5 would come again.
1831	1	Great customer service, very friendly and welcoming!! Definitely one of the best Korean Bbq places I have been at in Las Vegas. I love the spicy tuna sushi and Korean prime Kalbi I get that all the time along with the beef torro. Coming here again!!!!
1441	1	Really good burgers. Super juicy and not just average Burgers. I had the kalbi burger that was super flavorful (nice and spicy!) And my boyfriend had the banh mi burger. He ate it super fast so I assume it was really good. The calamari is also really good (although the mint leaves made some pieces taste funny) and the fries were nice and crispy. Close to the rent a car distribution place, so If you're picking up your car I recommend going here! Or go here before you board your flight .
1649	1	Booked on New Years Eve.  One of the best meals I have had.  Everything was perfectly cooked.  The Waygu steak and the lobster was TDF.  No complaints.  Service was impeccable.  Was unable to make it here last time I was in Vegas.  But, I do plan to make sure next time I am in Vegas to make reservations.
1888	1	Finally made it to Bachi! Surprisingly enough it took a tourist to summon me to come here. He kept blabbing on about seeing Bachi on the food channel and wanted to order what was on tv. Let me just say this place doesn't disappoint.   Oxtail chili cheese fries!!! A serious must have! There's slices of jalapeos and egg yolk in the mix too. It's messy, but a great kind of messy.   We also had some kind of soft steamed dough pork belly slider. Hm... The dough had a weird sweetness to it. My least favorite item.   They are know for burgers (obviously) so we ordered two and cut them in half so we could try both. We had the Miyagi-San and the Kiki burger. Both delicious in their own way, but Miyagi-San was AMAZING! We washed all this down with the plantation style sweet tea with pineapple and mint!
916	0	Came with my family i paid for four an my cousin paid for four an they refused to sit us together they said it was against company policy with so many empty tables unless we paid 18% gratuity for serving water an soda.  Food wasn't fantastic spit 3 things out crab legs were dry so was the brisket, and ham. How can you mess up butter
908	1	Being that I stay at the Cosmo now (yes they won me over from Palazzo/Harrah's) I always make it a point to stop at this spot. Lunch or Dinner I think it beats all the high end restaraunts in the Cosmo...especially for the price. The Tapas joint has salty foods, the sushi joint is just ok, Comme Ca - I have yet to try. The cafe on the ground floor is good if you can beat the line.  Now DO NOT go here after the clubbing hours. Its madness, the pies get picked up almost immediately and it takes forever to get a couple slices because people just want something in there tummies to take the buzz off or kill the hangover that is going to come the next night.   GIven its next to Marquee - all the clubbers will hit this spot immediately after partying.  I have met the chef here, and he was real friendly as is most of the staff (Unless its post clubbing time - which is crunchtime for them)! I recommend the white cheese pizza and a simple Pepperoni. But if its late - good luck whatever comes out of the oven first is what you are going to get - but alas - the pies here are all good. I have tried 5 or 6 flavors and none have dissapointed me.   Here's a secret - if you are staying at the Cosmo you can order a whole Pizza and they will deliver it to your room. It takes about 45-1 hour but it beats waiting in line with the rest of the drunkies!
1567	1	My aunt and I came for Happy Hour and sat at the bar.   I ordered a Strawberry Mojito and she had a Mai Tai. Thank you very much Rachel for making mine perfect!  We also had the burger sliders with skinny fries and an order if fried chicken wings....also perfect!  The chicken and fries were nice and crispy and the sliders on Hawaiian bread, yummy!!!  Great choice we made!
800	0	On our recent trip to Vegas, my mother and I came here because of a rave review by some people we met on the trip. My mom wanted Chinese and I wanted Mexican, so the restaurant seemed perfect.  The prices were shocking ($5 per taco? seriously?) so we ended up sharing the chips & salsa, Mongolian beef, and 20 vegetable fried rice. The food was delicious, but the prices are outrageous. It was $32 for the beef (which was basically a glorified salad). It was a delicious strip steak, but tiny, we were expecting more. The fried rice was delicious but not worth $20. Plus, the amount of food we were given did not satisfy us. When we arrived my mother was starving, and she left unsatisfied so we ended up having a second (tiny) dinner at Serendipity 3. Next time I want Mexican in Vegas, I'll go to Yolos in Planet Hollywood.
486	0	We were staying at the MGM Grand and thought a nice dinner at Hooters would be a nice treat for our first night in Vegas. We'd been to Hooters elsewhere before and were looking forward to some yummy wings.  The server was super slow and after she finally took our order and we waited for much longer, instead of coming back with food she said we should order something else because their wings weren't defrosted yet... The menu VERY clearly said NEVER FROZEN so wtf. & other people were eating wings when we left so rabble rabble.
352	1	Who: Bouchon; French restaurant  What: Steak and frites for brunch.  Came out as this 1 inch thick piece of tender steak, topped with minced buttery garlic, and an additional slice of garlic butter and a side of a LOT of fries.  Price: $32-ish.  Friend 1: mussels, Friend 2: trout....both were equally as delicous.  Where: Venetian hotel, top of Venezia tower.  When: Open for dinner daily, open for brunch on Saturday and Sunday  Impression:  We came on a Saturday for brunch ~1pm and there was no wait.  Service was attentive. Food was sooo sooo good.
635	1	So glad we can go get our Shake Shack fix without having to fly clear across the country and we can hop on a plane and fly an hour to get to it. It's just simply magnificent! I love burgers and I just love shake shacks' burgers. I even love their fries. Not sure what they are called but they are delish, especially with them covered in cheese!  Oh man...just thinking about it I want to go get one right now....yummmmmm
1750	1	Ate at Bouchon during breakfast, and it couldn't have been more perfect. I ordered the American breakfast which included, coffee, juice, a gorgeous pastry, plus eggs, bacon, sausage, and beautiful brioche. I ordered my eggs poached and they came over brioche toast points, in a decadent butter sauce. The coffee was pored from a silver server, perfectly brewed, and my juice was fresh squeezed. All this for 22 dollars? Perfect! Thomas Keller is the man!
1505	1	We came for lunch and we are very impressed! The prime kalbi was amazing. Two of us has bibimbap and the size was bigger than we expected, and very delicious. It had plenty of crispy rice. One had the spicy tofu soup, and it had just the right amount of spice and the tofu was perfectly cooked. I liked that we could order meals and things to bbq. There were many options and we will definitely be eating here again. The staff was polite and attentive and very helpful.
1562	0	this club is ridiculously crowded. i had to take a fat piss while i was on the dance floor, and it took me 20 minutes to shove my way into the bathroom We were living in Pallazo so we got on the guest list and got in for free.  This place is a cock fest, so be prepared for that, which is weird cause while we were waiting in line, it seems like they were only letting girls in.   There are half naked girls in the pool when you first walk in, and although you would think it would be hot, its really not. Its actually quite creepy, because they just start at you with blank faces. Looks like they're super high or something. Then upstairs, there are girls touching each other on stage, which you would also think is hot, but is actually pretty creepy, b/c they are expressionless and seem very robotic.   Drinks are watered down, bartender was terrible even though I was tipping her hella $$$.   This place attracts nerdy Asian/white guys who think they are badass, but theses are the dudes that play warcraft when they're not in vegas, so you know what I mean. The only game they have is leveling up their character on their computers. I had to constantly swat fobby looking predators away from my female friends.  Go to Tryst instead.
937	1	The saddest awesomeness thing happened here .... I came to vegas alone and I told the cashier named Jarde that my bday was comming up in a couple of minutes she was super nice I kid you not she went to the back and gave me a free Ice cream ... Dude this is amazing costumer service! Give this chick a medal or something   Thank you!
1242	0	What a shame. My group of 6 came here for brunch on a Sunday by recommendation of my fianc. He said it was "amazing" when he came several years ago. I guess all that's gone downhill now, because he was one of the most disappointed guests at our table.  Food-- The food at our table, as described by myself and my friends, ranged all the way from "Mmmmm!" to "I regret wasting an hour of my life waiting for this." The people at our table who ordered the strawberry cream waffles, fried eggs benedict, and breakfast quesadilla seemed happy with their meal. Two of us (including myself) ordered The Hangover Omelet. On both dishes, the potatoes were BURNED to a CRISP. AND they weren't even hot!!! I'm talking dry, black, LUKEWARM potatoes. Simply not edible however I tried. The French fries, which were put into the omelet itself, were soggy and rubbery enough to confirm that the dish had been sitting out for a while before being brought to our table. My fianc ordered a side of black beans with his dish. The beans came out late, after he asked where they were. And they came out COLD. We notified the server, who then MICROWAVED them. Are you kidding me? We ALWAYS try our best to be good and friendly customers when we go out, but this was beyond disappointing. The only part of the meal that I actually enjoyed was the Caf Serendip. It wasn't bad. I'm starting to think the only thing anyone should order from this place is dessert.  Service-- After waiting about 30 minutes to be seated, we had to wait another 15 or so for the attention of a server. After our order was taken, it took yet another 30-45 minutes until we asked where our food was. Our waitress was not friendly and spoke very quietly (which is not good in a relatively loud environment). I can only guess that she was having a bad day. The kicker came when we got the check and saw that the cold beans, which were then microwaved, cost $7. $7 for a little itty bitty 8oz cup of beans that weren't even made properly. In most establishments, staff will at LEAST tell you how much a side dish of something will cost when you order it. On the bright side -- the only reason I am giving 2 stars instead of 1 is that the waitress did offer to take the beans off the check, which we gratefully accepted.  I would not come back here again.
1742	0	1. "serendipity 3, can you hold?" sure, and then they hung up on me five minutes later.  2. "serendipity 3, can you hold?" sure, and then they hung up on me ten minutes later.  3. "serendipity 3, can you hold?" sure, and then they hung up on me five minutes later.  4. "serendipity 3, can you hold?" NO! i've been holding and hung up on for the last 20 minutes!!!  FINALLY, i got a reservation.  seriously, why was that so hard?  i ended up having to cancel that reservation because my daughter fell asleep.  we decided to just walk in on a thurs afternoon after we checked out of our hotel and got seated within 15 minutes.  the menu is whimsical and has a little bit of everything, reminiscent of a cheesecake factory.  the main reason we came is because i have wanted a frrrrozen hot chocolate ever since i saw kate beckinsdale & molly shannon leave one on the table in that scene in the movie of the same name.  while it didn't disappoint, i don't think i would go out of my way for one again.  fun place to hang out and dine w/ kids, if you can handle the wait and slow service.
793	1	Great food. Great prices (for the strip). Line was long, but moved fast. We had to wait for a seat, but eventually we got one before food was available for pickup. We went around 8:30 pm on Sunday night (Labor Day weekend). Wife and I shared Shack Stack burger and cheese fries. We had complementary water. Burger was really great. Portobello was loaded with cheese and popped when cut in half. Meat was cooked just right. Wife did not like cheese on her fries; I did. I am happy that Shack Shack is coming to Downtown Summerlin.
1115	1	Best Thai food I've had, and I live in L.A.  Unlikely city, unlikely location, a nondescript strip mall on a run-down stretch of Sahara Ave., but oh the food!  I've been here several times now (try to make a couple of visits every time I'm in Vegas, sometimes twice in a day, it's so good).  Great beef salad, excellent curries, grilled chicken, wonderful homemade ice cream.  We've tried a lot of different dishes and everything we've had was great.  Ask for recommendations from the waiter also: that 's how we tried the catfish and the Nam Kao Tod, crispy rice with pork sausage.  They also have a great selection of Northern Thai dishes that you rarely find in other places.    Once, we tried to order the mango with sticky rice but they warned us beforehand that the mangos weren't fully ripe and gave us a sampling of the mango to test whether we really wanted it.  It tasted OK, perhaps a little less sweet than a ripe mango in-season.  We decided to go with some of their home-made coconut ice cream instead.  I think this anecdote really shows the detail and care they put into their food.    They have a lunch buffet on the weekends (geared more toward the locals or the typical tourist) which I wouldn't recommend, but you can still special order dishes during that time.  They apparently have a world-class wine list as well, but I haven't tried it; with the heat of Thai food, I always find myself craving a beer.    Despite all the fancy, big-name restaurants in the city, the meals I have here are always the most memorable.
1460	1	Delicious food, the reviews are no lie! Came here for brunch while passing through Vegas on a cross-country road trip. Tried the:  1) Crazy Chicken Omelette: very good! The chicken was tender, there was a good ratio of guacamole and mushrooms, and the omelette was smothered in cheese and sour cream. Ranch potatoes on the side were fantastic, as expected. 2) Sausage gravy + sausage patty: a little on the salty side, but I thought it had a good balance of chunkiness and creaminess. I'm a bit of a sausage gravy aficionado (haha) though, so it may be that my standards are oddly high. 3) Banana Nut Muffin: needs it's own category, even if it's a side! Delicious delicious. Moist and warm, not too sweet.  I would come back! The service was great too. Even though we came right at brunch time and the place was packed, there was only a 5 min wait for two.
1204	1	For most of my life I thought that In N Out burger was the best burger around.  That's until I discovered Holstein's Shakes and Buns.  This place might have the tastiest burgers in the world.  I ordered the Gold Standard Burger and i couldn't believe my taste buds! Simply delicious!   It is a little pricey but well worth it.  Their alcoholic shakes are pretty good as well.  I can't wait to go back to Vegas so that I can visit this place again.
426	0	Don't bother! We were greeted by some blonde hostess girl who was being EXTRA rude to everyone who had a question....we asked how long the wait was and they said  it was a 30 to 40 mins but we were on our way out of Vegas so we went to the To Go side....... All 4 of us ordered the bacon cheeseburger which was literally the size of a McDonald's hamburger it came with cheese and bacon no condiments not lettuce or tomatoes with fries an extra large soda for $16 each!!! We could have gone to In n out and spent that much on 2 meals I wanted rootbeer as my drink so They had to give me a small because the rootbeer is more expensive?????.  The banana split my friend ordered was not spectacular I could have made a better one at home plus it wouldn't cost nearly as much.
657	1	YES. YES. YES.  I love everything about Holstein's.  Their food is SO GOOD - get the Asian pork belly - OMG.  The milkshakes look amazing but I haven't tried them yet as I'm usually hitting up Marquee later that night and need to save some room for liquor.    Ambiance is great.  The decor is hilarious and cool at the same time - like butcher shop meets harajuku lovers?  And they have a great DJ that plays after 10 (love that they're open super late!)  I will continue to come here every time I'm in Vegas, and you probably should too.
1080	1	Atmosphere 4/5 Service 4/5  Food 5/5: Country Natural medium rare with: Portabello mushroom Carmelized onion Onion bun  --Juiciest and most flavorful burger, in comparison to other highly rated burger joints like: The Counter, Kuma's Corner, Fatburger, Fuddruckers, Five Guys, In and Out.
326	1	Eating here was the gastronomic highlight of our family Vegas trip, and Bouchon did not disappoint.    The opening bread was warm, soft, and crunchy and the butter was sweet.  For starters, we had the special pork belly and the salmon rillette.  The pork belly melted in your mouth.  The rillette was served in a jar; the waiter scooped out the clarified butter off the top that sealed in the flavor of the salmon.  It was served with some toasted bread and went well with the tableside pot of mustard that is typical of a classic French bistro.  For entrees, we enjoyed the Beef Bourguignon and the Leg of Lamb.  The Bourguignon smelled and tasted great and was fork tender.  The Leg of Lamb was sliced thin and delivered a perfect medium rare and had a delicious au jus.  For dessert, we enjoyed the three Bouchon brownies with ice cream.    Service and atmosphere were excellent.  The room had mirrors and tiled floors to remind you of Paris.  We came with our 2 daughters (ages 7 and 10) and they enjoyed the Macaroni au Gratin (mild cheese and good for the young pallet) and the Croque Madame, which had a fried egg on top of buttery toasted bread that sandwiched in tasty ham and cheese.  Overall, a great experience.  I love bistro food and always seek it out whenever I travel.  This is as close as I'll get to Thomas Keller's French Laundry or Per Se for a few years, and it lived up to my expectations.
415	1	Every trip to Vegas, it is a MUST for us to stop here and eat! This place is AMAZING, everything on the menu is worth trying....  Now, the service.... if I could offer Carol Anne 20 stars, I WOULD! She is super sweet, always with a smile. We are a large family....11 of us!!! Some waiters/waitresses don't like or fear a large crowd...but she took us all with the biggest smile ever!!!!  it's service like that, that makes this delicious experience....PERFECT!!!
856	0	I have to agree with all the other bad reviews.   1.)Rooms are super old, but maybe you need to request certain towers. Did check for bed bugs because me and my daughter were itchy. But didn't see any. 2.)They double charged and now is taking me 3 calls to get refund so I think I'll have to dispute with my bank. 3.)Check in needs serious help in what's called customer service :/ they told me to come back to check in when as soon as I left they were checking in other guest. So I stood and watched for 10min and every single person was being checked in so I sent my husband and bingo we were in.  4.) Empty pool was a bit weird to me. Regardless of it being winter you do have resort fees! 5.)all I can say is you get what you pay for. In my case I'm paying double so I end up paying what would of been a decent place.
1646	1	I made a call-ahead for 7 people for around 10:30am on a Sunday....good thing I did because there were about 15-20 people waiting out front to be seated. We arrived about 15 minutes early so we reviewed the menus as we waited. We were given an 8-person table in the back corner of the restaurant.  After being seated I notified our waitress (larger woman with Hispanic accent) that two members of our party were not going to make it so we broke the tables up so more people could sit. Our waitress was helpful in executing the table move without any impact to our comfort. Throughout the meal, our waitress provided us the best service possible, despite the busy conditions of the restaurant.   The wait for food was nothing extreme and actually pretty quick considering all the people eating there. The food itself was fantastic. Most people at the table did not even finish their plates. My friend ordered the omelette with mashed potatoes....sounds strange but I tried it and it was amazing.   In the end, everyone from my group was satisfied with their meal and especially with the service. Egg & I seems like one of the go-to places for breakfast in Vegas. I recommend it for anyone...just come early or call-ahead if you have a large group of people.
815	0	Everything in this whole hotel has to do with tits. The room had giant cleavage 'art' on the walls. The casino is full of hookers and men in Hawaiian t shirts. The pool is a hole in the ground full of dirty water. and.. I was not surprised when I noticed the giant cum stain on the couch cushion. If you are a dirty old man then this is the place or you!!!!!
934	1	Hidden in a dark hallway in the Cosmopolitan is a hidden jewel, Secret Pizza.  I was staying in the hotel and heard about it through a client.  I never would have found the place otherwise because it's not advertised in the hotel. Despite the lack of advertising the place was packed (a good sign). I'm a New Yorker and a bona fide pizza snob, so to say this place did not disappoint is a big deal.  Fresh, good and inexpensive which is saying a lot in notoriously overpriced Vegas.  Would definitely go back.
1073	1	I stopped at Holsteins for lunch today........I grabbed a seat at the bar and decided to order the Nom Nom Burger.  Its a Burger with a Kobe Beef Patty, Potato Chips, Fried Egg, Cheese and Thousand Island Dressing.  When the Burger arrived, it looked awesome.....the Kobe Beef Patty was huge and the Bun was just the right size.....about 1/2 inch smaller than the patty.  One bite and I was in Heaven....so juicy and full of beef flavor.  The Shoestring Fries was good.....and the two bartenders was freaking HOT!!  In fact.....all around me were HOT GIRLS!  A great Burger and HOT GIRLS!  I love this place!
558	0	The absolute worst Vegas hotel I have ever stayed in.  The room was filthy, the hallway was filthy. The entire complex smelled like cigarettes. They tried to mask the smell in the long hallway by installing huge chemical air fresheners that added to the overall stench. The air conditioner was loud and made sporadic noises all night. There were no accessible wall outlets for charging a cell phone. I had to move the bed to reach an outlet. The outlet was literally not connected to the wall and was a fire waiting to happen. If I could give less than 1 star I would. Horrible, horrible, horrible.
1265	1	This pizza is BOMB, period.   IMO, it's kinda cool that it's pretty much a hole in the wall and that they don't advertise it. One of those exclusive things where you have to know about it through word of mouth. Almost as if it were my own little secret.  As far as for you negative Nancys comparing this plave to NY. Get a grip, it's not New York, it's Las Vegas. You will never get NY pizza anywhere but NY. It's like going to NY to a casino (idk if they have them or not) and say well these arn't like Las Vegas...duuhhh.
177	0	I came here for lunch the day after my 21st and don't remember it being as spectacular as others have described. I do remember the line stretching out to Circus Circus and the variety of food being underwhelming. Definitely beats Hometown Buffet but for $20+ at lunchtime, they aren't the greatest deal on the strip, either. The quality of food seemed a notch above some others on the strip but it is definitely a bit overpriced considering the lack of variety. I would rather eat at Pharaoh's Pheast.
321	1	This shake shack is awesome! I tried the one in Washington DC and didn't like it but gave it another chance here in Vegas.  You HAVE TO get the Shack Stack with the beef and mushroom! It is UNFORGETTABLE. So cheesy and warm and satisfying. The is also on the sweet side kind of like those Hawaiian rolls. You can skip the fries, they're average. I ordered the biggest order with the cheese and bacon and regretted my decision.  I love the vanilla shake! So creamy and deliciousssss. The frozen custard was just okay and so was the root beer float.
1101	0	I was a big fan of Noodles when it first opened so I made it a point to come back this weekend and try it again.  Maybe I'm spoiled from all the noodles I've tried since that first time or maybe I have learned enough in my dining adventures to determine what is good and what is bad.  In the end it was like a bad relationship. The problem wasn't that I changed the problem was just them.  The place was busy as most places were the weekend of the Pacquiao fight. We both ordered the beef brisket noodle soup and an order of shrimp dumplings. My friend who enjoyed most of the dumplings said they were ok but nothing to rave over. We both agreed the broth of the soup was too rich. Even with the addition of salt, pepper, and hot sauce we couldn't cut the richness of the soup.  I hoped that the noodles would save the dish but they were bland and flavorless. They seemed to be overcooked as it didn't compliment the broth at all.  The brisket came in really large pieces that were too tough for a soup so they had to be broken up by fork and knife.  The bok choy was probably the best compliment to the soup.  Service was like a stereo Chinese restaurant.  We couldn't understand our waitress and had a tough time flagging her down. We tried to get assistance from bus people but they refused always stating we had to go to the our waitress for everything. Look I don't mind keeping the place traditional but it's Vegas good service is expected as the prices we pay demand it. Especially if the food is overpriced.   In the end like the relationship I mentioned before it was like returning to an old girlfriend for me. You realize why you haven't gone back in a while. It was a nice attempt at re-kindling a memory of a great meal from my past but as time would have it people change and so do restaurants.
1752	0	After staying at the MGM Grand last year I expected another good experience from a 4-star hotel. Unfortunately I was a bit let down. This hotel is 2 long blocks and a busy street/intersection away from the northern end of the strip (which is pretty much dead most of the time and devoid of night life) and to get to the center strip is a good 20 minute walk (unless one pays for the shuttle metro which is $). For someone who loves to swim laps for exercise the pool was a huge disappointment for me as it is too small for such a large hotel and has no "deep end". Also, I payed $165 for  Friday & Saturday nights and would expect this place to at least include free wireless internet which it didn't. Casino floor was a bit underwhelming. Also, this place has no nightclubs or other night entertainment and the crowd tends to be older and a bit more blue collar. The positives were my room which was very clean, had a new plasma tv, and great views of LV city from the 23rd floor. However, next time I would rather spend $20 more/night and hit the neighboring Wynn or TI hotels on the strip.
356	1	With the various appetizers and meat, it was an amazing experience for me, especially on my first time. We ordered fried calamari, cream cheese wontons, mixed tempura, etc. for our appetizers. The pork belly and bulgogi are to die for. The servers were super friendly and were there when we needed their service. There a specific server that I took a liking who constantly checked on us and he made my stay more pleasing! Hope to stop by when I'm in the area again!
259	1	Celiac/Gluten-Free Review: A group of friends and I visited Bouchon for dessert. Knowing Thomas Keller is associated with the GF Cup4Cup flour, I knew there wouldn't be any problem finding gluten free options. It didn't disappoint! All of the staff were very knowledgeable, and I had the signature GF bouchons with garden mint ice cream. My dish came out on a special non-branded plate indicating to me that they were special plates for food allergy sufferers, so even the non-servers who brought out our food knew what was going on.  Top notch and extremely safe for Celiacs to enjoy some sweets! (If you aren't able to eat at the Bistro itself, the Bouchon Bakeries in the Venetian have giant macarons as a GF option.)
1314	1	I mean seriously, Thai food doesnt get better than this. From the Bible sized wine list to the drunken seafood noodles, try it all! you won't be disappointed. Just one tip, be prepared to wait a while if you go on a weekend or during busy convention times or whatnot. Also, it's much less questionable looking inside than out... dont judge it by the scuzzy strip mall location.
796	1	I'm from Los Angeles and there is no breakfast place like this. I highly recommend it. The breakfast dishes are very creative and mighty tasty. There is a huge variety of food to choose from.   If you are able, ask to be served by Brady. He was a great server with a good sense of humor. He will make you feel like a welcomed guest.
694	0	Over priced and dreadful Chinese food tucked in to a corner of Ceasar's Palace.  Wish I could have that meal and my money back.  By far the worse experienced I have had in Las Vegas.  I would have complained had there been one person there who seemed remotely interested in my experience.  Run, run, run the other way.
1864	0	Guy with the microphone and mohawk was a complete jerk!  Girls were dancing on stage and a friend of mine went up to join.  He told her "get the F* off the stage now or I'll F*ing throw you off".  Since when is it okay  to cuss and be rude to customers?  There were people up on the stage the whole nigh.  Not sure what the big deal was but he could have just asked her.    Rest of the staff was super friendly and great!
902	0	Background: As an avid leisure traveler and a seasoned business traveler, I spend about 100 nights a year in hotels all across the country. (75 % of those nights are booked on hotels.com)  I'm not tough to please when it comes to accommodations as I frequently stay in a wide range of hotel types, everything from Days Inn to Ritz Carlton, so this review inst bias in anyway.    Typically when I come to Vegas, which is at least once or twice a month, I stay at the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino. I've recently decided to expand my horizons and begin trying out different hotels each time I visit. So I started with the MGM Grand.   Hotel: MGM Grand Hotel & Casino Location: Las Vegas, Nevada Dates: 3/25/15 - 3/27/2015 Room Type: Executive King Suite Room #: 20206 Room Rates: Night 1- $202.27       Night 2- $148.33 Hotel Fees: $64.96 Room Service/ Dining:$389 Gambling: $1100   This particular trip happened to be a 2 year anniversary getaway for my girlfriend and I. After the short but always dreaded drive from Southern California, we arrived at the MGM. We opted to self park in the garage where finding a parking space was a breeze (to be expected mid-week). We made our way from the garage to the Lobby. After a short 5 minute wait in line, we were beckoned to the Check-In desk. As I handed over my credit card and I.D. I inquired about paying for a room upgrade. The lady at the desk said they were sold out and no upgrades were available.. No big deal.  She then proceeded to make a call to check to see if our room was cleaned and ready. After a 20 minute long wait (not exaggerated) she was finally able to confirm our room was ready and checked us in. We made our way to the West Grand Tower and proceeded to the 20th floor where our room was located. As we approached our room, the door was ajar and housekeeping was STILL cleaning our room, even though the front desk confirmed that our room was ready.. We sat in the hallway and waited for another 20 min (still not exaggerated) while they cleaned our room. After 40 minutes, we were FINALLY able to get into our room. (Longest check-In process I've ever experienced).   The room was very well cleaned and in fairly good shape, This specific room appears to be renovated within the past 5 years.  Pros: Clean and Well Kept Large Windows/ Good Lighting Large Spacious Floor plan Automated Curtains/ Blackout Drapes Comfy Sectional Couch w/ Chaise Lounge Large Work Desk 360 degree rotating LCD TV for optimal viewing from entire room Refrigerator/ Mini Bar Dual Lighted Vanity Mirrors in Bathroom Large Dual Sinks in Bathroom Shower w/ Separate Tub Marble Tile Throughout Bathroom Full Length Mirror in Hallway  Recently Renovated  Cons: No Bathroom Ventilation/Fans No Deadbolt on door   As I'm writing this review I'm finding it hard to write a list of negatives about this hotel. If you are looking for a large no frills room/hotel for your Vegas getaway and base your experience on only the accommodations then this is the place for you.   Coming from a marketing background, I've always been a firm believer that customer service is they key to building customer/client loyalty. If people aren't satisfied with their service, they will go elsewhere.  With that being said, I cant say that I will return to the MGM in the future except to gamble or hit up Hakkasan but I would not recommend this hotel to my friends, family or colleagues simply due to the fact of the poor customer service that I experience during my stay.
1890	1	Great food, good portions, attentive service and very reasonable prices. I recommend ordering the sesame oil & sea salt for added flavor, regardless the BBQ you order. From the Bulgogi to the Bibimbap, it's one of the best meals I've had in Las Vegas.
1640	0	Perhaps I can't write a completely accurate review because I was sharing a hot dog and hamburger with a lame person who only wanted grilled onions on the dog and sauteed mushrooms on the burger  (seriously?? no effing beef chili, no cheese, no nothing!?  jesus).  But just based off the actual hot dog and hamburger, they weren't great. The hot dog wasn't the juicy, thick tube of meat I was anticipating.  Instead, it was a thin, dry, floppy thing that looked like one of those balloons you tie into animals.    The hamburger wasn't much better - pretty overcooked.  The fries, however, were decent - crispy, fresh and hot.  I didn't get the onion rings, but they looked like they could have been pretty good too.
1469	0	One of the worst Vegas hotels I have been to. Needs to be badly remodeled. Very uncomfortable beds. Mediocre costumer service. The only positive thing I have to say about them is that they did not create a fight when I check out earlier and demanded a refund for the night that was not stayed. Although, it was through hotels.com. Will never return here!
1938	1	Brunch at Bouchon is wonderful.   The coffee is delicious. It was pressed perfectly. Or however it was prepared, it was great. The coffee is very smooth and not overpowering. I didn't add any sugar or cream to it tasted just fine without it.   The food is also delectable. Even though it is a small brunch menu, I wanted to order everything. I ordered one of the brunch specials that day- an egg omelet with spinach, tomatoes and cheese. Sides of sausage and toast. It was yum-tastic. I had a taste of the Chicken and Waffles and was slightly disappointed. The roasted chicken was good, but the waffle was a little dry.    I'm so happy there are two other locations in California =)
1807	1	Reminds me a lot of The Cheesecake Factory with the extensive menu. Decided on splitting the pasta promanado with a side of spinach with my lovely dinner date.  There was plenty of seating and great hosts and servers.  The sourdough bread was another favorite get a second order with a pasta.
510	0	The only reason I'm giving this place one star is because if i have it a ZERO my comments wouldn't get posted. I made my reservations 7 months in advance for a room with two queen beds. I called the hotel 3 days prior to my trip and confirmed my reservation, one room with two queen beds with a person at the front desk. When I arrived, I was told my reservation was for one King size bed. When I tried to explain to them that was incorrect, they told me I must have made the error while booking the room.   There were six people in our party and we individually booked three rooms with two queen beds for the same night. At check in, all six of us were told our reservations were for rooms with a single king bed. Although they brought up a roll away bed, no other compensation was given for their obvious booking error.   I asked to speak to a manager but no one was available. They took my name and number and to this day, no one from the hotel has called back. Do yourself a favor and stay at a Motel 6
785	1	I found it!  Best/worst idea ever was using my friends review for help, even though he gave an important clue, I was sent to the wrong floor, doh!   I ordered the white cheese pizza slice, and my  wife ordered the mushroom slice.  Delicious cheese with feta and garlic that melted in my mouth on every bite.  The mushrooms on my wife's slice were very fresh; she added red pepper and parmesan cheese to complete her pizza bliss.  Pizza is thin and pretty decent size; with the cost of 5 dollars a slice or 25 for a whole pie(16 slices), this eatery is a broke drunkards dream.  We will definitely  be back for a whole pie to take on the road home, or have for dinner if we lost our butt at the tables.    If you're in the Cosmopolitan casino leave there and go to the mall area.  From there go to the third floor and find a pool table.  You should see a hallway with vintage albums as wall art.  Follow it down, order and enjoy your victorious slice!
1488	0	The only reason why me and my crew came in here was because the guys wanted to watch football and there was enough seats to sit 6 of us. I feel bad because for the server because we were a larger group and we really didnt order much.   My boyfriend ordered a smoothie, which was so gross we sent it back after 2 sips. Our friends got spinach artichoke dip which I had a chip and the chips were like border line stale if you ask me. My other friends had a sloppy quesadilla which I could smell sitting 2 seats away from them.  I ordered nothing. I would never eat at this place. Overpriced for fatty, nasty food.
986	0	MGM Grand Hotel was one of my favorite Casino in Las Vegas.  Now I have to change my mind.  There Hotel service is way down and checking in takes way too long.  MGM I will keep my business with your family Casino line Aria and Etc.  But I don't think I will be stay in MGM Grand Hotel anymore.  Very disappointed!
1191	0	Slow service! Party of 4, We sat at our table at 10:30 and didn't leave until 12:30am! Since we got there our waiter neglected our table. We missed the bellagio fountain shows. We had simple orders.He only checked on us once. Food came out slow and at that point hard to enjoy. He attended all other tables but ours. He never acknowledged the fact or apologized. By midnight we were fed UP. He brought us a dessert but never said why. We didn't get to walk around the strip early like we planned, all our activities were pushed back and we went home at 4am. We spent our ONE night stay at serendipity for TWO hours. Ridiculous. By the end we hated being there we just wanted to leave. The waiter was a total buzzkill. We didn't even finish the dessert that looked good cause we wanted to go see the rest of Vegas. Not going back!
1934	0	My boyfriend and I needed to grab a quick bite to eat in order to hold us over until the evening, so we stopped by  Pink's Hot Dogs. I've heard of famous Pink's, so I was excited to try out their food, though nothing beats Chicago's hotdogs, so I don't know what I was thinking!   I got the Polish Pastrami Swiss Cheese Dog which sounds amazing, however, I couldn't have been more off! It had a very bland taste to it, despite everything that it came with. The hog dog itself is just OK, but the Pastrami pieces it came with were so dry, that it was almost hard to eat it. My bf had a regular hotdog which is hard to mess up, but he was also very disappointed. Besides the less than satisying taste, the prices are incredibly high as well.  It's in a great location inside of PH, which was convienant for us since we were staying across the street, however, I will not be back to Pink's. I have Earl of Sandwich bookmarked for next time, which I regret not checking out due to the stellar reviews it has on Yelp.
718	0	For the decor, ambiance, and music I'd give it 5 stars. For the rude staff, overly cramped space, and admission fee, despite being escorted in by a promoter friend, this place gets 2 stars.  Came here once with a large group of friends who were all on the guestlist. Our promoter friend was generous enough to help get us all in, but a few of us came through maybe 10 min after the first group. Due to our ratio, and despite our friend talking to the bouncers, the guys still had to pay $30 to get in. Whack!   Later on, I got yelled out by a bouncer "for being extremely rude" because I hopped over ledge to try an get to the dance floor, only because there was ZERO walking spaces in the accessible hallways. Maybe he should have done a better job clearing the hallway.  One perk of the night was that Tao Beach was open, which is awesome for cooling down and there's a huge sofa bed to just chill, or get ridiculously bouncy and slizzard.  Definitely best to get in before 11, because once that time hits, you're going to want to leave because there's no space or room to do anything in the club
133	1	Hidden little gem in Cosmopolitan hotel! This place has no signs, and they do not advertise it. It's one of those... if you know about it type of thing. Funny thing is, I learned about Secret Pizza in an airplane, and knew I just had to try it for myself.  It's tucked away in a little hallway, full of people who just got done clubbing. I guess some can easily say it's drunk people food. Absolutely not!! I believe they do not advertise it because it is "Secret Pizza" after all.. I think this place would appeal more to the young adults. There are no actual tables, and just a little bar counter with a few stools and chairs... maybe five? There wasn't really a place to eat, and it would have been pretty awkward to eat there while the line of people stare at you because of the way it was arranged. I recommend getting take-out! Long line, but they do try to get you out of there as quickly as possible. The crust is extremely thin I assume so it can cook much quicker, some of the veggies are pre-cooked in advance, and the mushroom is sliced paper thin to reduce cooking time.  I've eaten pizza from here at least 10 times, and I think it's safe to say it's my absolute favorite pizza joint!   The pizza is delicious! I think it's one of the best one's I've ever had. I still crave it...... WHYYYY do you have to be sooo far away!?!? Well I think only in vegas will I be willing to cough up $40ish for my pizza. Worth every penny though!! The slices are very big, and they are pretty generous with their toppings. I ate at almost every eatery/ restaurant in Cosmo, and I must say, this place was my favorite! I had to eat here twice, and still craved for more!! The menu is literately typed and printed on normal computer paper. The cover of the menu simply says "Pizza"  I ordered a Five Toppings "Pie"  $29.00 -18 inches, 10 slices. Each Additional topping was $2.25 Toppings Pepperoni Sliced Sausage - Yum! Meatballs Roasted Tomatoes Fresh Garlic- Added a very nice touch Green Peppers Mushrooms-sliced so paper thin to reduce cook time..almost couldn't taste it! ): Onions Ricotta  Overall, I can't wait to go back!! I would highly recommend this place, enjoy!!!
1357	1	I am a big Vegas fan and have been there more than I have places around where I live. I do not eat red meat or pork as I have mentioned before so I thrive on turkey burgers.  Finding a good turkey burger is a pretty hard thing to do, let me tell you. Most are frozen patty's that taste like cardboard.  Burger bar is situated inside of the amazing hotel/casino Mandalay Bay and is a great spot to hang out with some friends and have a couple drinks with your meal.  It is a neat menu where you choose everything you want from your burger with the type of bun and what you want on top.  Like I said I always get the turkey burger and it is a very good size, and juicy not dry like many others.  The downfalls are that you have to pay for each individual topping and the sides that you want with it.  You have your choice of fat steak fries, skinny fries, zucchini fries (my favorite) and some others.  I have a hard time choosing between the three so every time I go I usually rotate them.  I have never had a bad experience with the food nor the service.  The atmosphere is great (first of all its Vegas!). I love hockey so during the winter months they usually have a game on with their many TVs (located in every booth and some overhead at the bar), They have a full bar and some good beers on tap (blue moon always a fave).  I love it here and every time I go to Vega$ which has been happening a lot I have to go at least once if not more.  They are opened late (I believe 2am on the weekends) so when you are fed up at losing at the casinos, or drunk from gambling too much at the tables,  come here and give it a try!
1581	0	Average buffet with lots of food options. Because my mother is a platinum member through Total Rewards, we had the steamed crab, which was good. Main issue is that the service was slow. A lot of tables were not cleaned off in a timely manner. Ok buffet, but much better options available.
917	1	[edit-- after subsequent trips back to this place and realizing that the cravings for bachi burger are never ending, I have bumped the rating from a 4 up to a 5. This place is one of a kind.]  This is not your typical burger. If you are craving a cut and dry, lettuce, tomatoes and pickles on a salted angus patty with a slice of American cheese, go elsewhere. If you are a little more open minded and crave the satisfying structure of a burger with a new and unique spin, come on down to Bachi burger.  The wait wasn't too long for the two of us. My girlfriend ordered the Kiki burger and I the Kalbi burger. We shared some parmesean truffle fries which were ultra tasty and came with a sun dried tomato aioli sauce that was perhaps one of the finest sauces I have ever tasted. They were cut thin like average fries but far from average in taste and quality. The burgers themselves arrived 15-20 minutes after ordering and were cooked medium rare as requested. The kiki burger featured sweet caramelized onions and three different kinds of asian mushrooms. My Kalbi burger came with a sweet korean bbq marinade, green onions and enough kimchi to give it a noticeable kick. It was blissful. The meat was juicy and plentiful, the marinade was not excessive or overpowering (although it did drip all over my hands and face) and the balance of the sweet with the spicy kimchi simply turned out to be a winning combination. I'm a man with a respectable appetite and upon finishing the burger and fries was thoroughly stuffed. I had the green tea to drink on the side.  We didn't try deserts or appetizers but we'll definitely be making a trip back here to see what other goodies this place has to offer. The bottom line is that Bachi burger offers a unique, Asian spin on the classic American burger with delicious results. The staff is friendly and the prices are reasonable for a burger that is anything but fast food in quality. Burger fans and foodies alike-- you simply have to try it.
1766	0	I cannot believe we walked from the PALAZZO all the way to PLANET HOLLYWOOD (about a half hour walk in the heat) just for PINK'S.  It's just another overrated spot!  It lacks the history that the one in LA provides AND it's more expensive!  Instead of a run down, hole in the wall place, this Pink's is like a blinged out version..I guess that's where our extra dollar goes to...  Bottom line is..two hot dogs and a drink came up to $26.  It wasn't even good, I took one bite and made my boyfriend finish the rest.  I'd much rather stop by Earl's inside Planet Hollywood for some amazing sandwiches for only $6!  I'll probably never get caught at this establishment again.
220	0	God bless the union. All the bartenders here are total jerks, and i would love to use a much more colorful word. This would be 1 star, but mike at le bistro bar was a sweetheart.. god, what i wouldn't give for a union pour card. Seriously, the majority of the bev staff need a major attitude adjustment.
1796	1	Great Burger~  I had the Hubert Keller burger--buffalo with blue cheese, spinach and caramelized onion on ciabatta--is $22   I am a big fan of Buffalo.  With the blue cheese, spinach and caramelized Onion on Ciabatta bread made this burger a Father's Office http://www.yelp.com/biz/fathers-office-los-angeles burger with buffalo.   I LOVE Father's office burger and now I love Hubert Keller's burger!  I really don't know why I like Buffalo burger so much, but I just find them so flavorful and juicy but with texture and not mushy like beef tends to be sometime when it is too juicy.  $22 IS a bit overpriced for a burger.  But attaching a name like Hubert Keller is like buying a $2,000 Prada bag if you love good food lol.  The restaurant is literally a Burger Bar.  It looks like a kick back sports bar that serves burgers.  There seems to be always a wait to get seated at this restaurant, but if you don't mind sitting at the bar, it's pretty easy to grab a seat since people who sit at the bar are always on the go.  Hubert Keller said on Top Chef masters that he serves $5,000 burgers and they people actually order them... I wonder what's in his $5,000 burger!  Next time I come here, I want to try building my own burger :) yummy!!!  *edit* I made a mistake, his $5000 burger is served at Fleur de Lys, his other restaurant at Mandalay Bay.  "Created by French chef Hubert Keller, Fleur Burger 5000 Fleur Burger 5000 The Fleur Burger 5000 is a luxury burger served at Fleur de Lys at Las Vegas' Mandalay Bay. The Fluer Burger 5000 is made from Kobe beef and topped with black truffles, foie gras, and served on a brioche truffle bun with a special truffle sauce. The burger is served with a bottle of 1990 Chateau Petrus in imported Ichendorf Brunello stemware, which they let you keep.  Looking at their menu, some of the appetizers include burgundy escargot with garlic and parmesan gnocchi and smoked salmon raviolis with guacamole. A sample of the entrees include filet mignon with braised oxtail tortellini and slow roasted Alaskan king salmon with a parmesan and herb crust, artichokes, lemon, and capers. The Fleur Burger will set you back $5k, but hey at least they send you a certificate of authenticity and some Italian Ichendorf Brunello stemware."
1625	0	I've been to Vegas a number of times and have never done buffets before. This time, I went to two. I was most excited about MGM's buffet because I'd heard so much about it, and I'm a fan of crab legs. I was so disappointed. The crab legs had to have been the smallest, most malnourished little babies I have ever seen. They were not flash cooked to help the meat pull away from the shells, so getting into them was almost impossible. While there is a large selection of food, I was not impressed with the overall quality. I wanted so badly to love this buffet because I wanted to make it part of my Vegas excursion every year, but this one just doesn't stack up for me. I think it is overpriced (about $40 per person) for what you get, especially given that buffets are in abundant supply in Vegas. So, I'm scratching MGM off of my list, but I'm glad I tried it.
1028	1	I like to keep some of my beloved places a secret, but facing nostalgia at its best, saving Secret Pizza as my secret is cruel for pizza connoisseurs.   The fanciest pizza I've ever tasted was anything of the ordinary from the countless pizza parlours of Italy. To me, margherita pizzas were a real treat, gently wrapped in parchment paper at 2 a slice, and an additional 1,50 for sea salted chips.   However, there is something different about Secret Pizza. You can find this little gem on the third floor between the corners at the Cosmopolitan. Purchased by the slice or by whole, the open face kitchen allows you to choose your slice of heaven from white pizzas to red pizzas. When I first tasted Secret Pizza my friends purchased whole pies of everything pizza and a pepperoni pizza, and even at 2am, they were outstanding & melty, just the way I like my cheesy pies. On my last trip here I tried the white ricotta + sausage pizza which is now my only preference. Full of flavour with just the right strength of spice & herbs, this pizza was a winner on my taste buds.   Keep in mind that the line to Secret Pizza is absurd; I think the best option is to telephone in your whole pie only. Although I am not a pizza aficionado like I used to be when I was under 10 years old, I love Secret Pizza so much that I would purchase a whole pie for myself, even if my companion didn't like Pizza Secret! x
739	1	Bouchon has never let me down! I've been to the one in Napa, the one in New York, and now the one in Vegas, and I am very pleased with the consistency across the board.  For a well-established restaurant, I was surprised that it was so hidden and impossible to find. We literally walked all the way around the Venetian, but the signs (like all of the signs in Vegas) were tiny and completely miss-able and finally had to stop and ask someone. Basically, you have to find the Venezia Tower, which is guarded by security, take the elevator to the 10th floor, which is a SEPARATE button not in the normal numerical sequence, and then go pass another security guard. Crazy, no wonder it was completely empty when we got there around lunch time!  Anyways, the interiors were beautiful as usual - the perfect composition of dark grains and warm, natural light. Our service wasn't stellar, but it was good enough.  But the FOOD definitely saved it for me. We ordered the sourdough waffles and the florentine quiche. The waffles came with super ripe strawberries and vanilla bean butter - a brilliant sweet complement to the slight hint of sourdough. The quiche, which was my first, was so melt-in-my-mouth-good. Nothing was overpowering, and I didn't feel yucky at the end. I will definitely have a a high standard for quiches from now on.  I wish there was a Bouchon in the city; I'm dying for some waffles right now!
317	0	If this is your idea of a ***good*** (not best, because there isn't such a thing as perfect) banh mi, please expose yourself to more locations.  The good things about this place: +Fast +24 hours open (when you're still partying at 4AM and you want something, hell yes) +Bright and clean  +Clean restrooms +Spacious, hip furniture, and no shortage of seats! Lee's designer sure knew his stuff. Visually appealing. +Efficient Service. I like the automatic vietnamese announcer voice that calls your number when you're called to get your sandwich. And then the guy that calls it in english afterward. Cute idea.  The caveats: -The sandwiches (more on that later) -Can't charge card unless $20 has been met (there's a handy ATM machine here though!) -A bit Expensive for Viet sandwiches  The sandwiches here are like fast food to most Viets. Lol it's not the worst, but not the best. It's acceptable. The #11 Special Combo, #1 Lee's Combo, #5 Grilled Pork and #6 BBQ Pork are all okay sandwiches. They all came out THIN, cold, and the quality of the meat is less-than-tasty, like it's been sitting out. At some traditional places, your pickled daikon, carrot slices, and cilantro are placed in a separate baggie for you to put in yourself to your liking. Here, they already place it in for you. Not a huge deal because some banh mi places do this, but it kind of just reminds me of the fast food feel. Veggies weren't exactly fresh.   The bread is a dry french baguette that isn't made fresh daily, but it's okay. The thinness and the scant flavorings of the ingredients is what bothers me. This place is fast food quality. You could make this at home. Not really worth the price. Maybe it's because I'm used to the traditional places or the ones in Cali that do it right with the quality meats and preparation, but it helps to let people know that this is far from a good banh mi spot.     Their ice coffee is awesome though. A bit hard to mess up and loaded with ice, but still tasty. I remember when I was younger and ordered one at Starbucks thinking it'd taste like viet ice coffee...I was definitely disappointed!   I have to say Lee's really knows how to market! I'm pleased that this empire is doing so well. From the first time I experienced in Cali to now (the first one was actually pretty good ages ago), I'm glad that this company is doing awesome. But then again, it's a franchise. Not that that's a bad thing. It's no mom-and-pop contrary to what most people *might* think. But that's like saying that Subway makes the best sandwich you've ever had, in your life, EVER. (I like Subway once in a while...got nothing against them) Or maybe you're happy with that. More power to ya!   What this place does well is introduce people to banh mi. =] It's just okay, not bad or great, but it's fine for a quick bite. The environment is fun to look at and awesome to hang out at with your friends no doubt. And who can argue with that 24-hour opening especially for late night cravings? Does it warrant a 4-star for the taste and ambiance alone? Nope.  As another reviewer asked, would I go to some hole-in-the-wall over this place for a bit better quality tasting sandwich? Yes. Because it's a huge improvement over the banh mi here in taste and quality; costs just as much if not cheaper; and probably all on the same street (not that much farther than here). It's a simple dish, and I'm NOT expecting gourmet but that doesn't mean you should compromise taste for everything else. I recommend people try other banh mi shops for a better one and to keep an open mind!
618	1	Now my second favorite breakfast in Las Vegas (Hash House is #1). The place doesn't look like much situated in a rundown strip mall several miles off the strip. I am thrilled we picked this place though, they have earned all their outstanding Yelp reviews. Excellent service and excellent food.
1673	0	Our last morning in Vegas (Tuesday) my husband and I wanted to eat at a buffet up in another hotel however we ran short of time and chose to eat here as it was next to the Delano. It was less than $20/pp to eat and you get what you paid for. There wasn't much of a selection and many things were not labeled so I didn't know what they were. I had to wait to have meat carved for me, while I went to get fresh fruit (which I felt was the only good thing there) two employees were kissing behind the station, the pancakes were slightly rubbery (how can you mess up pancakes), the eggs tasted like they came out of a box and the serving line was dirty. Our server was friendly and was good with replenishing our drinks and cleaning off our table. Our recommendation is to spend your money elsewhere, not here.
746	1	Fabulous little dive off the strip. Go early for breakfast. There was no wait on the Saturday morning I visited. This breakfast was very well worth the Uber drive. My waitress, Tamara, was awesome. She recommended the Bandito (if you like spicy food!) and was SO right! The house breakfast potatoes are amazing and you must take advantage of the Banana nut muffin offer on Yelp. Even if you are full, take one home! Absolutely a must do when you are ready to escape the lavish buffets of the strip!
1653	0	This place deserves a 3 star for its dessert alone. But I can't ignore the rest of the buffet menu. It has wider range of selections such as those mentioned in other reviews here. However, I suppose that's what happens when a cheaper price tag focuses on too many items.
43	0	The set up of this restaurant is pretty cool. It's very casual with like sandwiches, salads and things as their food. My cousin and I just really wanted some fries, and we were really disappointed. We ordered just a side of fries, and when it came out we could tell that the fries were old and re-fried. We wanted to make a comment but we were in too much of a rush to tell the cashier. I will come back again and give this restaurant another shot. However, I may not order their fries this time. ENJOY!
817	1	What a little gem! We ate lunch here before heading back home on a Monday afternoon. We arrived just as they opened at 11:30AM, and the place filled up very quickly. It was packed and there was a line by the time we left.   We ordered the Nam-Prik-Ong, as recommended by Ming Tsai and based on the reviews, as well as the crispy duck over Panang curry. We had the coconut ice cream over sticky rice for dessert. The food was absolutely amazing!   The Nam-Prik-Ong was the perfect blend of spices - savory with a warm spice. It comes with an assortment of things to dip (cucumber, cabbage, green beans, broccoli, cauliflower, fried pork rinds), and you can order a side of sticky rice to go with it. It's a perfect little appetizer.   The crispy duck over Panang curry was the best crispy duck and Panang curry (separately) I have ever had. The duck is pan fried and has a tasty crisp on the outside and is tender and moist (without tasting fatty) on the inside. It wasn't gamey and tasted better than any chicken I've ever eaten. The curry was deliciously made with just the right amount of creaminess and spiciness.   For dessert, we shared the coconut ice cream over sticky rice. The ice cream wasn't too sweet or overly coconut-y. The sticky rice was warm and "marinated" in a coconut milk mixture that gave it the tiniest bit of saltiness that complemented the ice cream beautifully.   We went for lunch and there was a buffet for $9.99 per person. We decided to eat off of the normal menu because we wanted to experience what all the hype was about. We ended up spending a lot more between the two of us, but it was well worth it.   The only thing I wish could've been different is the quantity of food. Although we were full at the end of the meal, it was so yummy that we wanted a few bites more. But that's probably just us being gluttonous.
966	0	Skip this place and go to Texas de Brazil! The food is mediocre and the quality of the meat here is not the best. The hot good in the salad bar area left a lot to desire.   If you pay extra for the seafood option you will regret it. We were with a large party and the waiter received at least $400 tip, way too much for the service he provided. Won't be back.
139	1	While I'm usually a traditionalist and love my prawns with heads on, tentacles flailing, and beady eyes glaring at me,* I am willing to give Lotus a little hug...because if you take fat, juicy shrimp, glaze them with some sweet and hot sauce wrap them in bacon and fry them until the bacon is crisp and the juices from the bottom dweller are oozing about, you've got yourself an amazing dish that should never be passed up. I don't care how (in)authentic an appetizer it is, as long as it screams CRASH BANG BOOM in my mouth, that's all that really matters.   And then there's the vegetable dish complete with various stir fried vegetables that seems as though they've been sitting in a vat of chili oil for years. They're spicy, juicy and perfect. The pepper seeds through the dish let you know that this is a Thai serious dish and you better damn well order sticky rice to offset some of that fire ferocity.   Lotus. A flow. A sweet, pretty pink flower. So innocent. So harmless. Has turned my mouth into a raving lunatic. I want to go back to Vegas...but not for the grand casinos and the sexy showgirls, but for the bacon wrapped shrimp and an entree so unbelievably piquant that I'll have to return...to know that the Lotus wasn't just a mirage.   *Kidding. I hate things with heads.
1253	0	A. Drinks are easy to obtain without utility of a Fullback to get to the bar B. No prob getting in C. If you like being surrounded by Cali Flips, this is the spot for you D. West coast vibe is prominent which is a major negative   I will not hit again.
568	1	Rib cap steak medium well was the best dinner of my life. Meat was tender, juicy, flavorful, perfect in every way imaginable. We had dinner at New York New York Gallagher steak house and all I could say that I will never go back to that place. Bad food bad meat ok service
1781	1	Amazing burgers and fries! Headed over from the MGM for some lunch and the wait time wasn't crazy at all. We ordered a Shake Stack and some cheese fries. My favorite part of this burger was the mushroom Patty...soo delicious! A lot of people mention how the crinkle cheeses fries are amazing and YES THEY ARE!  So, if you're looking for something savory and mouth watering, check out The Shake Shack!
1119	1	This was the second time that my wife and i had eaten there. The word AMAZING sums it up. We arrived right when the doors opened for dinner and where seated right away. The food was amazing and not horribly priced, especially when you look at the fact that you basically get 2 meals out of one meal. Really good food and great wait staff. One of our favorites and it is worth the trek off the strip if you are a visitor
275	0	Being in Miami there are a lot of hot dog places which load up your hotdog with tons of yummy goodness stuff (try the green or pineapple sauce).  So I am used to eating a loaded hot dog...if you can, try it with quail egg.  This place? Why go when you have amazing restaurants all around you.  I get that its a cheaper alternative to the $40 plates around you.  But there is a reason why the hot dog costs $8.  If you are going to go cheaper, maybe just hit up the McDonalds thats located on the same strip.  Its not that this place is terrible or anything.  Its just not great.  So why waste your money or your calories?  The staff is nice and the place feels clean so that is a plus.  You can sit outside and people watch.
1038	0	If I could give this place zero stars I would. My group and I were not expecting a 5 star dining experience walking into Cabo Wabo but what we weren't expecting was  to be so dissatisfied before our food even came. Our server recommended the specialty Cabo Wabo margarita because it's " made in house" and the other marg was basically a mix. So we ordered some pitchers and then some chips and salsa. When the chips and salsa and drinks came we were so hungry we dove right in. The salsa tasted like burnt cigarettes, and the margaritas were the worst I have ever had. Too sour and soooo watered down. Mind you pitchers were $45 so we were expecting something much better. We decided we didn't even want to give the food a chance (I had previously heard a table behind us talking about how horrible the food was.) We asked to cash out and got out of there as fast as we could. I will compliment the manager for only making us pay $30 for a $100 bill. Yes $100 for horrible chips/salsa and margaritas. We then headed over to HEXX which was amazing and a much better experience.
1032	0	I should mention first and foremost, the Riviera is going to close soon. It will be demolished and turned into a convention center. Based on my latest experience there, they either deserve it or don't care because of it... My friends and I stayed here last year and had a much better time. That's why we chose to return. Unfortunately, the experience was very different.  My first example of this is no more real perks. They still offer a coupon book and "rewards" card, but the coupons don't amount to much and the rewards are a bit of a stretch to attain. The offer no specials for occasions. Which was disappointing since we went over my birthday. At the end of the day you get two uncomfortable (labeled double but actually twin) beds and that's about it.  The second issue I had was with the general staff. From the tables to the bartender to the housekeeping staff, no one really cares or shows any sort of initiative. Granted, I know they're shutting down, but if I worked for an establishment in the area, I wouldn't consider them for a position with that attitude or lack of work ethic. A few examples of this - when we requested a plunger for our bathroom because the toilet, which was running poorly from the start, stopped working - no one arrived. It took us over 3hrs to get service! When we went to the bar for a $1.00 (which turned out to be $1.50/+tax) drink our bill would constantly vary - even if it was the same exact order. The point of complaining or commenting was a waste of time. When dealing the sports booking area or general wait staff you'd receive the same nonchalant apology. Even if it was with management. It was honestly sad.  As for a amenities, you know going into if you're not getting much hospitality-wise. It's one of the cheaper places on the strip and that is known through advertising. The sad part is they have shut down tables that we were expecting play from last year and raised prices on certain products. The general ambiance on the casino is a bit grimy, but doable if you want to save the $10-20 per night for a slightly better casino/hotel.  For positives, I truly don't have much. It's fair priced to be "on the strip". In reality though, you still have walk a little more than a few blocks to start seeing what you want to see from The Strips image. The other thing I'll mention is two employees: Lany from the Cashier department & Adrienne who worked in table games. I hope I spelled their names correctly, and they deserve all the credit in the world. Amidst or less than average experience they, they remained pleasant, positive, and upbeat. Even to the fact their business would be closing, they are making the most of it. Good for them, and I sincerely wish them luck in the future.  I would say I don't recommend this place, but if truly doesn't matter. It won't be around much longer, and clearly it shows. I am sorry to those losing work and hope the new center offers new opportunities, but I have been born & raised to make the most of situations. To make a multi-hundred attendance of guests get poor service or feel like you're wasting their time because of external circumstances neither fair nor fun for anyone involved.
515	0	I was drawn into this hotel because of the $9.95 Prime Rib dinner 24/7 banner hanging on the side of their hotel!! DOH! It was okay-ish...my fault, I fell asleep at 5AM asking for this! All I can say is their wings suck arse...The tights gotta go under them orange shorts too, I never was a fan of that look LOL.  I guess I was only a fan of the Prime Rib, everything else was ehhh-whatevs!  I wasn't even aware of my surrounds at 4-5AM...sorry, there were bright lights and comfy cushions...I knocked out, but still remembered that the food sucked! LOL
960	1	Best burgur of my life.  I was so excited to eat here and it lived up to every expectation.  I'm so happy I was able to go here on my trip.  The quality of everything was so good.  The sweet potato fries and truffle oil fries are a must.  Hells kitchen burger was so good roasted tomatoes and jalapeos and avocado.  So good!  It's definitely a must if in Vegas.
1330	1	A consistently excellent dining experience.  Though Thomas Keller has probably not set foot in the place for years, his aura clearly remains in the service and attention to detail.  Little things like the bread and butter are excellent, but Keller goes one step further throwing in a handful of still-warm house-roasted pistachios.    I played it safe this time, having my favorites-- oysters to start and the steak frites entree.  Both were excellent as usual.  Everyone else enjoyed their meals as well.  The only negative s something they have no control over-- the customers-- decked out in flip-flops, way-too-short-shorts, or obnoxiously loud shirts.  Ahhh Vegas.  P.S.  The breakfast and brunch rock as well.
308	0	The movie "Harold and Kumar Go to White Castle" was the only reason I wanted to eat White Castle.I waited 11 years to go to White Castle, 11 FREAKING YEARS!!! And I wish I didn't go, totally killed the joy of the movie for me. The sliders are whatever but i guess only good points was the restaurant is still new(ish) and service was great. You want a better burger go find an In'nOut or even Shake Shack which is 10x better.
143	1	This place immediately ranked in my top 10 restaurants list. The concept is cool - burger and milkshake bar - and the create-your-own burger is a great touch. What is more Vegas than the option to make your own burger and top it with a lobster tail or just have a plain ol' cheeseburger? This is what I love about Vegas, culinary free reign in every shape and size at every price point. Viva!  I had a turkey burger with caramelized veggies, a side of fries, and a Nutella milkshake. Talk about heaven! The flavors were great, quality was very good, prices were fair, service was attentive, and just an all around great lunch. I would go back in a heartbeat!
1259	0	I'm not too satisfied with Serendipity. I ordered their coffee (very expensive, but reasonable for Vegas) and their strawberry cheesecake dessert (insanely expensive and super fatty/not worth it). The reason I give it 2 stars is b/c of their poor service. It's a horrible place. It took us 10 minutes to get seated for 2 people, 10 minutes to even order, and they GAVE US THE CHECK 5 minutes into the dessert. What the heck is that service? It's common courtesy to give the check when requested, unless it's a fast food place I can understand. Overall, I'm not going back. Nor should you.
947	0	Enjoy the feeling of being packed like a can of sardines?  Have enough free time to wait in lines even after getting in?  Feel like bumping shoulders, elbows, while on the dance floor?  Like short bouncers with a Napolean complex?  Great!  This is the place for you then!  Pay an extravagant cover fee for the experience!  Thank goodness I didn't wait in the hour+ line and got in right away through hookups, otherwise it would've made the experience all the worst.
587	1	I live in Henderson, so this review is from a local.  I looked up what time they opened so I could be first in line for a take out for our lunch order. Looked up the distance and time so as to arrive around 15 minutes early. So I'm standing there and a bmw pulls up and sits right there in front of the entrance and of course leaves their engine on to run the a/c as it's around 100F out. The fumes started to bug me so when I saw one of the employees I knocked on the glass door and asked to sit inside (even though they weren't open yet) and he immediately let me in around 10 minutes early! One star.  I sat and people started coming in before anyone was seated, and I didn't feel like standing just to be first. When they started seating, the guy said ok, who's first (second star) and I stood, walked past the other people and said I'd like to make a take out order.  I just got two cheeseburgers and an order of fries. He asked me if I wanted L / T / O (lettuce, tomatoes, onions) and I said yes, how would you like them cooked? One well done, one medium. I forgot to tell them to burn my fries - I like them really crunchy. Oh well, next time.  The order took around 15 minutes or so (third star). The fourth and fifth star was for the first bite of my bachi burger. The bun is thin, so you don't have to unhinge your jaw to get a full bite. The burger is just tasty and juicy and I got l / t / o with every bite. Fries were good (crunchy next time!). For the fries, I'm in love with their pineapple ketchup. And they marked one well done!  Location: right off the 215, a couple cross streets down Windmill.  Total was $24 with change.
1540	0	ABSOLUTE CRAP.   We were staying at The Hotel at Mandalay Bay and I mistakenly suggested that we try the buffet for breakfast. Service was horrid - it took forever to get coffee, juice, creamer. I think our server was busing tables too, so maybe they were just understaffed. Every station had an insane line. The set up the restaurant is just bad - none of the sections have two sides so every area is a choke point.   The food was marginal, at best. This was such a horrid mistake - unless you are into Quantity over Quality, skip the buffet and eat at someplace like Citizens, instead.
1218	1	First time having shake shack and it blew my mind! Anyone who says INN n out is better, is lying through they teef!  I'm going back to Vegas just for shake shack, not even kidding.   5/5 Original burger  5/5 BBQ burger 1/5 the jackpot , the cake tasted extremely stale 3/5 cheese fries
1732	1	Food: A+ Jalapeno poppers: were SO delicious and crispy. can not describe how beautiful it was, the little shot glasses with dipping sauce was perfect. especially with gordon ramsay's "special" surprise haha. Nice touch. Delicious to look at, delicious to eat. No exaggeration.  Burgers were really really rich and filling, very delicious. Nicely seasoned. Didn't need ketchup or anything.  Service: A+ After reading the reviews, thought the seating would be terrible; it wasn't we were sat right away. Service was impeccable. I would say I have never received better service anywhere else. Didn't check in too often, server was very knowledgeable in foods and drinks and our food runner presented the food really well. Pre-bussed our food right away; I mean what else can you ask for.  This place was excellent.
843	1	Ill keep it short and simple!   Food = AMAZING.  -I am not the easiest to please, but paying upwards of $20 a burger is not on my usual budget for dinner. So, for the price, I was very pleased!  Service = GOOD  Could be a little better. Though they were renovating at the time of our visit so I wont ding them  Atmosphere = OK/GOOD  A little bland for the price. But Id rather pay for the food and not the art on the walls!   I will deff recommend this place and keep going back. Great good!!!!
1757	1	Bonne adresse de pizza, de belles part a manger sur place ou de grandes pizza  emporter.  L'endroit se trouve au 2me tage du cosmopolitan (3me niveau !) au fond d'un couloir avec des affiches, pas facile  trouver mais il suffit de demander, il n'y a pas de pancartes et il n'apparat sur aucun plan.  On y va pour les pizzas, pas pour le lieu.
1650	0	I was severely disappointed in the food and service at Pampas.  This sort of sums it up: the lousy Margherita that I ordered as soon as we sat down did not come until we were almost done with the over cooked dinner.    Surprise!  The salad bar has a nice selection of items. This creates a false sense of what the meal will be like.   But reality set in when the waiters started to serve the rodizio meats on the skewers. Only one item was medium rare, the sirloin steak.  Other than that, the chicken, sausage, lamb, pork, filet mignon ( a crime to ruin a good cut on beef), ham and other unrecognizable rats were over cooked, dry and tough.  Shoe leather would be more tender.   Wait I am almost done and my Margherita finally arrived. I really need a drink to digest this food. I take a sip and wait, when did 7-11 start making Margherita icee's?  The drink was all crushed ice very little drink. I guess it is a fitting cocktail.      Oh no. The bill just came. They put different tip suggestions based on different percentages.  So the bill was $102 and the 20% tip is $33.40?  What type of math are they using???   On top of everything, Pampas is expensive.  $70 per person.  Save yourself some money and go to a Mc Donald's .
976	0	I would give it a zero if I knew how! Worst service ever! As a server myself, I've never seen such disregard to a customer. Never once saw our serve once he took our order til we had to ask someone else for the check. Host staff were, for lack of a better word, BITCHES! Acted like they were too good to work! And worst the chicken from the chicken and waffles was undeniable! Never order that ugh!
204	0	If i could rate Cabo Wabo a negative score I would.   We arrive just in time for Karaoke, which I would give 5 Stars.  But that's where the good ends.   We were not actually sat by the hostess just pointed toward the tables. No menus, so I'm assuming the frat boy waiter assumed we didn't want service. When I asked for menus he looked at me like I was nuts. Then 5 seconds after getting the menus he asked us, "so are you gonna order something?" Really?  He never asked us if wanted drinks, I went up to the Bar to get mine. For a weak 8 oz margarita it was TWENTY DOLLARS!!!! For a pre-made Slurpee with house alcohol!!     I would never go back there again. They treated us like trash and we did nothing to deserve it.   And to top it off I accidentally left an expensive souvenir behind, when I returned they didn't have a lost n found they said "we just throw it away". I tried to express the whole experience to the manager, his response was "oh well".   WOW - worst service EVER!
78	1	My wife and I have stayed in the Venetian on numerous occasions. But never have considered dining at Bouchon until recently. I would have to say... hands down... one of the best dining experiences ever. The wait staff is very and their attention to detail is superb. The food quality is excellent. For dinner i ordered the mussels entree. The mussels were cooked with saffron butter and white wine. The portion size was very filling, and it came with a huge side of  crispy delicious french fries. My wife had the flat iron steak, but instead of fries, mac n cheese was substituted. I snuck a bite of her steak, and it was tender and juicy. The "Moscow Moose" (vodka, ginger beer,  and lime) is a must have. I would come back for the Moscow Moose alone.  My wife and I are definitely coming back here, if we're in Vegas. Luckily they have a location a couple hours away.
1525	0	Went here last night for dinner and it took almost 45 minutes for us to get our food. There were several tables that came in after us and got their food before we got ours. Maybe it was just a fluke but, not apology or explanation as to why it took so long to get our food. The food was good but, overpriced. The service makes the experience and I will not go back.
577	0	Over priced food for less than sufficient portions. ex: $12 for 6 small pieces of "shu mai" dumplings.  I can do without the gold flakes and just pay at most $3 for it.  I like salty food, but the chinese food here is way too salty.    Also, what's up with the names of the asian dishes?  Each dish name sounds like a Kung Fu movie...With these names, you have to sit there and read the entire description of the dish before you know what you're ordering.  For example...they had a dish called "swallow a cloud," um...why can't you just call it wonton noodle or something similar to the dish so it's easier to recognize.  I understand it may "fun" names...but it's not run having to sit there and read every single dish.
504	1	Found this gem on Yelp! Went here on a Wednesday about 6 P.M. The wait was not too bad. About 15 minutes. We were sat and then the magic began. We ordered the Meat Lovers meal and let me tell you, it was delicious. The food came out very fast. We were grilling in no time! What a fun experience! Definitely would have costed double on the strip.   *Tip: make a review and get a free dessert! What what!??
1556	1	I grabbed a salad from here for dinner four different nights during my stay at the Venetian. The staff was genuinely friendly and the prices were very reasonable for Vegas. The Grand Lux Cafe is the place to go for breakfast, lunch or dinner if you want an easy and inexpensive meal.
597	0	I have been to a lot of clubs in LA but never explored the Vegas scene and since Tao is one of the places that is frequently raved about I figured I should hit it up. It was a big disappointment and I don't think I would ever go again. My friends and I got on the guestlist and even with the guest list it was an hour wait time. Luckily all of us girls are able to get in for free. There was free drinks for girls on the guest list from 10-11pm but since the waiting was so long by the we got in all the free drinks were gone. Drinks there are about $13 a piece and they were not very strong. So needless to say I think the drinks there are a complete rip off. I enjoyed the decor and the dancers but it was much too small a space for all the people they let in. The big dance room was completely filled and you literally cannot move in there. My friends and I spent most of our time in the small dance room but it was also crowded in there because it was where the reserved seating areas were. The space in the small dance room was really awkward because random sections of it were ropped off to people who reserved it. It wasn't good use of space and the music was not very good. I think I could find better nightclubs in vegas than Tao.
1368	0	Every time I drove by the Caesar's Palace I would see the serendipity restaurant and I've always wanted to go there  I finally went it was a huge turn off I wanted to sit outside and I understood there was a 25 minute wait we sat outside on the tables the tables were dirty our waiter Who had a full beard was really rude we didn't even get napkins with silverware we ordered what we wanted my husband ordered a beer and the waiter was just very rude we felt rushed to order when my husband got the beer it wasn't even that cold another waiter walked by and we had to ask for napkins and silverware because the other one that was assigned to us didn't even provide it honestly it was a huge turnoff I won't go back I had high expectations  For a restaurant that is in a very nice casino I think it just wasn't what I expected the place was very dirty one of the waiters picked up a plate from the table across from us I believe she got something on her finger and she licked her finger that was very unprofessional perhaps the people there should pay attention to detail and be nicer and clean up
798	1	I loved this place. There was a 45 minute wait, but well worth it. I ate the pork stew off the northern menu. It was delicious. The place was busy, clean and the staff were very attentive. No surprise some of my favorite food network chefs had their pictures on the wall. I'll definitely be back next time I'm in Vegas
659	1	This morning I brought my mother and daughter in for breakfast. We had Oscar as our server. Oscar had a great attitude from the second he came over to our table. He was very attentive and friendly the whole time we were there. Food was awesome as always, just wanted to make sure Oscar was recognized for his great service.
1861	0	I wandered the Strip with some girlfriends during Memorial Day weekend and stumbled upon Noodles in the Bellagio.   First, the hostesses took a while to seat us despite the fact that there were several empty tables in the restaurant. Once we were seated, and we ordered our food, it took a really long time for it to come out. I'm a pretty patient person, and I would not say gluttony is a deadly sin of mine, but wow the food took SO LONG to come out. If the restaurant was busier I would understand, but wow it took literally more than half an hour after we ordered, and we only had five people in our party. Food was alright...kind of mediocre, I wouldn't come here again (& for more reasons below!). The five of us each got different dishes and they were okay...pretty subpar. I guess being Asian, you have a bit of a higher standard for noodle dishes, but as non-biased as I am trying to be, the food here was below average.  The worst part came AFTER we left Noodles. One of my friends had an allergic reaction to the food (she ordered the pad thai) after we left. She had trouble breathing and broke out in hives everywhere until she took some Benadryl to alleviate the reaction. She is allergic to nuts, not peanuts (peanuts are legumes, not nuts!), so we assumed there may have been other nuts in the pad thai they might have not listed on the menu. We called the restaurant to let them know of this and after talking to several (at least 3) people at the restaurant, they repeatedly just read the menu to us and said she might've had a reaction to the peanuts. Like I said...she is not allergic to peanuts and orders pad thai all the time. There were probably other products in the food that were processed in a place with nuts, we assumed. We talked to the manager and he was very apologetic over the phone, got our information down (what hotel we were staying at, what room, how bad the reaction was, etc.), and insisted that he send someone up to our hotel room to check on my friend. She was feeling a little better (able to breathe, thank God), but we agreed to the person coming up to check on her just to make sure she was okay. We waited quite a while in the hotel room...no one came up. The manager ended the phone call with "Sorry about that, hope you feel better." ...thanks, NOODLES.  Overall experience: mediocre food and bad customer service (even before my friend got sick). And then they did not keep their promise of having someone come up to our hotel room at the Monte Carlo. Yes, my friend did feel better after taking Benadryl, but after getting our information down and extensive phone conversations with us regarding the situation, and all of us waiting in our room, you would think management would come through. We also e-mailed them after we left Vegas a couple days later about this, but no response. -_-  Get it together, NOODLES!
1939	0	Just went there for a coupon. Wasn't even worth the discount. Glasses were dirty with lipstick still on. No smile from hostess. Only good meat was the sirloin. Other meats were dry. Asked for more sirloin 3 times before it came around again. They charge for water and ice! They just brought the water to the table, no one drank it. You could tell they just refill the water bottles. A dollar a person. We spent most the time waiting for meat to come to the table and we went at lunch time. Supposed to get 12 kinds of meat. We prob got 6. Does grilled pineapple count? Ha
1783	0	The decor is kind of the most interesting part of the whole thing. We came at the tail end of breakfast it's all self served. The food was meh not the best. The reason they got two stars and not one is, I really wanted waffles. They where out but were able to scrounge up a few in the back. To bad they where soggy but they got a star for effort.
744	1	One of the greatest dining experiences I've had all year, maybe all life. Burger was succulent, excellent roll, each bite was juicy and delicious. The Oreo Milkshake had some amazing aftertastes, and the entire experience from onion rings to fried pickles was a heavy one.  I went into a food coma afterwards for about 1/2 a day.  We ate at 4 p.m., and I was done for the rest of the day!  Highly, highly recommended.
334	0	Unfortunately, I didn't read the reviews on this place before I came. If I did, I would have went elsewhere. This place is a TOTAL 2 star. I'll give it props for being brightly lit and decently clean. I ordered the coconut waffle, some frozen yogurt, an iced mocha coffee and little cream puffs that they make there. The coconut waffle was green....WEIRD. It didn't have much flavor at all. My iced coffee was HORRIBLE. I barely took 2 sips. The red velvet frozen yogurt tasted gross. It had a really weird flavor. I can't quite put my finger on it but it didn't taste like the red velvet yogurt I get a golden spoon.  The cream puffs were ok. They definitely needed more cream. One thing that really stood out, and not in a good way, was the loud speak system that announces when your order is ready.  I've made a rule. DONT EAT AT ANYTHING LESS THAN 4 STAR. I, again, broke my own rule. I try to be spontaneous though. I try to "live in the old days" were Yelp doesnt rule my life. And, that fails me everytime. There are so many good places to eat in Chinatown. Unfortunately, this isn't one of them.
241	0	I've been dying to check out Serendipity 3.  And yes, I did read the Yelps beforehand but since Janice C., my friend that lives in Vegas, & I still wanted to check it off our to do lists we decided to go to the To Go area outside since the hostess said their system was down to take reservations (I called ahead of time) and the wait would be around a half hour.  The To Go menu has a lot less attractive items on the menu.  The wait was still very long for bf & I to get our kobe sliders & fries.  And Janice C. who was behind us her salad came after the order of the guy behind her!  Who puts one cook in such a popular To Go window of the restaurant?!    The kobe sliders weren't bad, but $9 for 3 of them...geeze...happy hour somewhere else would have been cheaper!  The fries were alright too, wish they were a little crispier however.  I had a sip of my friend's frozen hot chocolate, it was alright, nothing special really and not worth $10!  The outdoor seating was kind of limited, but luckily there were a couple empty tables which were not tended to.  The misters could have been stronger and better aimed.    I may try to go to the original location AND eat there whenever I go to NYC, but as for this location, no thanks, it's overpriced & overrated!
838	0	First of all, if you're in a Tix 4 Tonight line wondering whether or not you should buy a discount ticket to the Cravings buffet, I'd advise you to choose another place.  But more about that at the end of my review.  The food itself was nothing to get very excited about.  The high point was the Andouille sausage which had a kick to it and real flavor.  Ironically, the low point was the Cajun chicken, which looked the part but had little flavor and was so dry it was barely edible (and I prefer dry poultry to juicy).  The rest of the food, as many pointed out, was pretty bland, kind of like Golden Corral with less choices.  They do have free alcohol, so if you're more interested in drinking than eating, this may be the place for you.  I don't drink, so this was little consolation for me.  Another Yelper recommended getting a discount coupon.  I had one and came at about 1:00 PM for lunch.  The coupon (from Tix 4 Tonight) listed a lunch price of $11.99.  There were three of us, so I was expecting to pay about $40.  Imagine my shock when the Cashier announced my bill was about $80.  I told her I wanted lunch and she told me they weren't serving lunch "today."  I went ahead and paid and immediately checked their website on my phone only to discover today meant ever.  There is no reference to lunch, only Breakfast, Brunch and Dinner.  Is the Mirage or Tix 4 Tonight to blame for the bait and switch/misrepresentation?  I guess that's a question for the Nevada Attorney General to figure out, I'll update to post any response I get from them.  But given the cashier's slick reply I'm guessing it's the Mirage.
982	0	Very unhappy with this buffet. They claim the "Best buffet in America". WOW, I certainly hope not.  Seafood spectacular was anything but.  4 items do make a spectacular, two of which were fried shrimp.  Up side: for $12 the food was tolerable.  DOWN SIDE: place was filthy. Food everywhere on floor, ground into the carpet - we were there for just over an hour and NO ONE cleaned the carpet even once.  Were they busy? Thursday about 6 pm, Steady business. Is this acceptable? NO. Having been in the business for over 25 yrs.- including  a busy buffet, I find this completly unacceptable. On the food line, at least 1/2 the items were empty the several times I walked the line.  All the cooks did seem to be enjoying  themselves rather than tending  to the line. The server was overwhelmed  by 28-4 tops that she was attempting to attend to by herself.  Staff training seemed to be non-existent as the busboy, when he finally showed up, seemed to have had no training at all. So: food - **; Service: Jenny- ****; Cleanliness - 0*.  I, personally will go hungry before considering this as a place to eat.
103	1	If I could give 6 stars, i would.  I had heard about this place for over a year from co-workers who travel to Vegas regularly.  I get my share of Vegas as well but this place is about 6 miles away from the strip and I hear it's a pain to get a cab back.  So it's taken me nearly a year to try this place, but i'm glad i finally made it!  Enough storytelling, time for the good stuff.  Bachi Burger puts an Asian spin of the traditional burger and combines some of the things you love in Asian cooking into a sandwich.  Our goal was to try as many of the burgers as we could as there were three of us.  First, great beer selection here!  We started off with the oxtail chili cheese fries and it was a perfect side option for 3 people.  Comes with an egg on top.  The yolk mixed in with the chili and cheese is just the right amount of gooey goodness.  Again the goal was to try as many burgers as we can so we each decided to get something unique and promised to eat one half and split the other half into two so we can all get a taste of each other's.  This was a brilliant idea and I recommend you all try this if going as a group.  Burger # 1: Miyagi Burger - It's their signature burger and comes with grass fed kobe beef patty, some sort of amazing sauce, fried egg and onion strings.  Amazing texture and taste Burger # 2: Spicy Miso: Simple with an amazing spicy sauce that provides just the right amount of heat. This was my favorite! Burger # 3: Unagi Burger:  This one costs $24 but it's well worth the price.  It was a little too sweet and rich for my taste but def worth a try  So after all this we sat there.  Our stomachs were full but we still wanted to end with a bang. The debate was if we wanted dessert, and if so which ones.  Except I had another brilliant idea and recommended we get another burger and split it in three.  I think we were all thinking the same thing, I was brave enough to say it.  So we sat and wondered what else are we going to go with.  Our wonderful server recommended the Mr. Hong, since it was different than what we had already tried.  And what a great recommendation it was!    So like I said, in the beginning, I'd give this place 6 starts if I could.  Not only was the food great, our server made sure we were taken care of from the moment we walked in.  I'm making Bachi Burger my go to destination every time I visit Vegas.
1449	1	My boyfriend and i love Gordon ramsey and all of his UK cooking shows, especially F word.  We were thrilled to be staying in Vegas at Paris where the new Gordon ramsey steak just opened. We shared the Caesar salad to start and Brian had the Strawberry martini. Best Caesar, great martini. Next we both had the Beef Wellington. Gamechanger! If you are in Vegas, stop reading this review and go to Gordon. The food is worth the price, and the waitstaff was fantastic as well. Olga from Siberia was a great waitress, I love a server with that right blend of spunk and professionalism, we had lots of fun! Overall, amazing experience and i will be dreaming about eating here again!  I can't say enough good things about Gordon, Yum!
717	0	It is as if someone wanted to bring the Laughlin experience to the Las Vegas Strip. The bed was comfortable and the room was quiet. However, for $250 a night, I would like a place with restrooms somewhere near the restaurants. A hundred small things make this a "never to repeat" adventure.
1172	1	Thank you GR for being my first......time trying Japanese Kobe.  A rare treat!    Food fabulous, service superb:    A perfect pairing were Charles N and Jered C.   Knowledgeable, professional, and welcoming, they walked us through an amazing meal.   We also enjoyed American Kobe.   There are not enough superlatives to describe the service and the entire meal.    Atmosphere is great.  We sat in a lovely round booth upstairs with a view of neon and restaurant.   One thing, tho, could you dim the interrogation light shining over us in the booth?    If in Vegas, it's a MUST!!  Best meal of my life!   We are huge GR fans.   Loved BurGR, as well.
906	1	Lotus of Siam definitely lives up to it's reputation. I love Thai food and I've been to several Thai restaurants around the country and this is easily the best Thai food I've ever had. Not only is the food here amazing but the prices are very reasonable.   My dad and I both had an amazing meal here. We ordered the Nam Ko Tod to start and it was a great start to the meal. It was a great play on sour, salty, spicy, and crunchy texture. Next I ordered the Khao Soi and my dad ordered the Soft Shell Crab Drunken Noodles. Both were phenomenal dishes. We also shared a side of the spicy pork fried rice, which couldn't have been any better. And last but not least we shared the sticky rice with mango and coconut ice cream. This is a must have and was one of the best deserts I've had in a while. It was the perfect way to end the meal, it's very refreshing and not too heavy and not too sweet, a great way to cool down your mouth after a spicy meal.
983	1	What do you do when you are damn hungry and want to eat really tasty food somewhere on The Strip at 02:00 hrs? Well, you go to Grand Lux Cafe :)  I was staying in Venetian with my wife and was looking for some food joint near by. Grand Lux Cafe came to our mind since we liked the complimentary breakfast here. We ordered  Veggie Burger, Margarita Pizza and Garden Omelette. Here is what we liked about this cafe: 1. Food was just awesome. It was so tasty that we ended up eating a lot more  2. Serving size was much more than we expected(at least if I compare that to Gordon Ramsay Burgr)  3. Ambience is really really good  4. It is not costly at all  5. Wide variety of options to choose from. Me and my wife are eggetarian and even we could find sufficient number of options to choose from  6. It is open 24 hrs  Something not to miss in Vegas !
1971	0	Only giving it two stars because we got a comp for it. Otherwise I might have given it one. We went for lunch and there were not very many offerings set out. We could hardly find anything we wanted to eat. What we did try was very non-remarkable. Had a couple of decent desserts but as far as the food, BLAH.
980	0	Came here with some friends and my husband for brunch and we were disappointed. The only thing I enjoyed was my corned beef hash. Our waitress was cold and short with us, the food was just ok and the prices were way too high! I realize these are fairly large portions but the quality of the food was lacking thus didn't deserve to be this expensive. My friends wanted to go here because they ate here 4 yrs ago and loved it. They were disappointed as well.
85	1	This is an over the top unique restaurant..that "nails" it on almost everything....and I'm giving it yelps highest grade...but I'm not certain I'd ever return. Its almost an exhausting gastronomic experience....I walked away from here completely satisfied....very very full.....yet almost mentally drained. Its a really happening place.  Its noisy...dark..hustle-bustle. we didn't really care for the atmosphere...not relaxing at all....our table was very close to the waiters pick up station..constant commotion going on.... the food is off the charts terrific...... .Christopher,our waiter, was very very good. Knew the ins and outs of the menu. Even in the frenzied atmosphere he took the time to walk us through everything we needed to know. Drinks are robust and made perfectly. the bread is almost a meal onto itself....he explained what we were getting.....soooo good! as apps...the british ale onion soup,the blue crab soup and the Caesar salad got high grades. My wife had the fishermans grill/lobster,mussels and scallop mix and loved it. my son,daughter  and I each had the roasted beef wellington...fantastic! Christopher explained twice why we didn't want beef wellington for 2..so we each had our single portion. you can't make this at home! mac and cheese side dish was fabulous. you must save room for the sticky toffee pudding for dessert..we shared....almost puts you in a sugar induced coma. All this comes at a high price but we all left here happy. this is definitely NOT your fathers old stodgy steakhouse.
1419	0	This place is not very good.You get a 2for1 if you stay at TI which is all that it's worth, if that.  The food is cold and the only "fresh" thing I could see was the pasta made in front of you with choices of sauces/pasta.And the poor staff are not happy.Our guy never cracked a smile even when we try to make a little small talk.At least we didn't have to walk far to be disappointed.Oh wait, they did have fresh fruit (kinda sorta) so that was good if you like melons and pineapple.
128	0	Other than the hella hyped up frozen hot chocolate, this place is mediocre at best. I ordered the chicken tenders appetizer with 3 dipping sauces. And I swear, the chicken tasted like paper. It only tasted okay when I dipped it in a sauce. I didn't even wanna eat it after I got a box for it and brought it with me back to my hotel.   The next day, I went back again before the end of my trip. I ordered the chili since I was starting to feel sick from the whole weekend. After eating half of the bowl, I couldn't finish it because it was so spicy. It was very good though, since it had filet mignon chunks in it. But the spice was just too overwhelming.   Next time, I'll just have the frozen hot chocolate and that's it. I'm done giving their food more chances, only to be let down on more than one occasion.
87	0	Ok. When you go to Las Vegas to get the hell away and have to pay for airfare as well. All I can tell you is it's old, worn, but CLEAN! I did feel as if I was stuck in circa 1978 for a few days but hey! It actually worked for the money. It's not fancy and far away from the new part of the strip so I suggest instead of paying for monorail tickets bring or rent a car!
728	0	Went in for dinner. Greg was our waiter. My friend wanted spaghetti and a salad. He told her she didn't want salad the pasta dish was enough. REALLY! We were both drinking alcohol. Was not asked if we wanted another drink. Brought check to table before plates were removed. REACHED OVER ME to grab my wine glass without asking if I was done or wanted another glass. His service and attitude were so bad I can't even remember what the food tasted like.
478	1	This is one of the best burger places in town! I have been here about ten times in the past couple months probably, and I am still satisfied and trying everything on the menu!  If you like the whole Asian-style burgers, you will have to try this! Oh, and don't forget to try the Oxtail chili-cheese fries! To die for!!
374	1	I love everything about this place. It stands for something, a voice of truth, reason, and simplicity in a city built on ostentatious complexity and because of this, I can say with complete confidence that there is not a better meal in Las Vegas.   So rare it is to find a great meal and an unbelievable price for Las Vegas that I would choose a meal at the Pizzeria over any other place in town. I mean it. Here you will not find a line for gamblers who have been given complementary dining and line passes, you will not need a reservation, and you will not find a dress code.   What you will find inside this hallway is truth. People who seem genuinely happy you came in to grab a slice. You will find real pizza. Unharmed by some celebrity chef being paid too much to make expensive food that is rarely worth the cost.   Your food is served on a cheap paper plate, your beer is served in a red plastic college party cup. Have a seat on one of the three barstools, play some pinball, watch some sports and soak it in because when you exit through that hallway, you will not find another real restaurant on the Strip until you return.
1297	0	Just like so many first timers, I was extremely excited to try this place. I just wanted to go. So many great words were expressed about this place that I found myself craving to try this experience out. my GLUTEN FREE AND VEGAN folks, stay away if you're going for dessert. I was really hoping that I would be able to find at the very least two or three different options what I found was a scoop of sorbet was my only option. Even though I was kind of heart broken that I couldn't fully experience this cute little place, I went ahead and ordered my sorbet ... Well, my waitress forgot to bring it out. She brought out everyones food ( which I couldn't order anything) and then when she brought out dessert mine was missing. By the time she came back my friends were done with their meals and desserts that I had to tell her to forget about it. The place is really cute, the view of the strip is nice ( outside patio) but the service wasn't great and their aren't really options for us Gluten free and Vegan people. Want to go for the decor? I say go! cute little spot and it is an experience, but prepared to make your tummy grumble and growl if you are a Gluten and Dairy Free person.
1533	1	I've been to Bouchon twice now.  The first time was so amazing, I practically planned my next trip to Vegas around my dinner at Bouchon.  While the service left something to be desired on my recent visit, everything else was as exquisite as I remembered it.    Walking into Bouchon I hardly feel like I'm in Vegas.  The dining room is beautiful with big windows and a long metal bar.  It feels like being in Napa, and coming from California, it feels like home (albeit a home much nicer than my own).      On my first visit the service was spot on.  We had at least five people helping us, but they never mixed anything up and it never seemed intrusive.  We also had a four person table for the two of us, which was great since we ordered so much food.  When I went recently, my waiter was very, very slow (both in his service and his speech, which included many, many uncomfortable pauses).  Both times I was particularly impressed by the sommelier, who is adorable, funny, and extremely knowledgeable.        My first trip started with olives, the salmon rillettes, and the goat cheese salad.  I could have done without the salad (it was good, but very simple and too similar to things I make at home), but the olives had a great smoky flavor and the salmon was just fantastic.  I wanted to ask if they would sell me a jar of the salmon to go, but I thought they might be grossed out.  We also ordered a bottle of the sommelier's choice wine--a really fantastic syrah from Oregon.      For our entrees I had the steak frites and the boy had the mussels.  Both of them were amazing, but I preferred my steak to the mussels (and I really love mussels).  They both came with a giant side of frites, which I was honestly a bit disappointed by, given all the raves I'd heard.  There were just too many of them and they seemed slightly undercooked.  Still, that didn't detract from the meal at all.    My second meal started with the salmon (I'd been craving it for months, and it was just as good as I remembered) and the fois gras.  I know fois gras is evil and decadent and I'm suppose to hate it, but my god was this some delicious fois.  The outside was glazed with the most amazing strawberries, which accented the creamy inside perfectly.      For our entrees we had the lamb chops and the scallops.  The lamb had a peppery sauce I wasn't too fond of, but the scallops had another summery fruit sauce that was perfect.       Both times, dessert at Bouchon was good, but not the highlight of the meal for me.  I've had both the chocolate moose and the beignets. The moose was very dark and rich, but I preferred the cream filled beignets.      Small details like the plate of cookies they bring out with your coffee only add to the experience of Bouchon, leaving you entirely satisfied.
1782	0	I get stuck here when I have to work the convention center trade shows. The rooms are craptastic. Small, tattered and lame. One time my drawers kept sliding open because the freakin room was so slanted!! They put plasmas in the room but that couldn't save it.   To make things worse, they have Barry Manalow plastered everywhere with Copa Cabana blaring where ever you go... A Benihana onsite, proximity to the Convention Center and GREAT sports book save this place from one star damnation.
1396	1	My family and I were visiting from out of town and this place was a MUST GO on my 11 year olds to do list in Vegas.  We went to the Hash House Thursday night for the first time ever and they were already closed however, the waitress asked her Manager Lupe if they would accept us and Lupe gladly took us. We ended up leaving because some of our other friends wanted to join us but figured it would be too much to ask to accommodate a group of 13 after business hours so we decided to leave after all.  On Saturday we decided to revisit for brunch.  We had a group of 6 and waited for approximately 20 minutes for a table.  We received our order within 15-20 minutes after ordering and the place was pretty packed.  After receiving our order the Manager, Lupe approached our table and asked if we were the same group that came late Thursday evening and left, I was very surprised she remembered us.  She thanked us for coming back and glad we decided to revisit.  She brought over a huge plate of the famous waffles with bacon inside on the house.  Very nice gesture.   Everything we ordered was amazingly DELICIOUS!!!! Since being back home in San Francisco, that's all my husband brags about.  The portions are HUGE!  My family and I can't wait to revisit Vegas so that we can stop by and see Lupe and team.  I can't remember our waitress's name but he was vey knowledgeable and awesome!!! Thanks Hash House for the great experience!!! Lupe you ROCK!!!!
1508	0	If you want deal with a staff who is super hospitable and accommodating but want a room that smells of sweat, weed, and sadness then this is perfect. Our room was "non-smoking" but someone made a filter out of a plastic bag and put it over the smoke detector so they could hot box it. I loved the view outside the hotel but at night the holes in the curtains from critters let the Vegas strip bright lights through to make your room a customized planetarium. Our tub was brown and it would clog every time you would shower. The room decor looked like they found a LOWES going out of business and took all the 2x4 boards and lined the ceiling and made outdated headboards which are great for slamming hookers against. Our safe didn't work but got fixed. I also while taking a nap found a piece of glass in my sheets. I'm praying it's a broken piece of a cocktail glass and not a crack pipe. The water filter behind the ice machine looked like it was last changed when the Dallas Cowboys won a super bowl. The carpets smelled like sweat and were moldy. The restaurant was the best part. Food was hooters food and was done well for what they do. The bar staff was really nice. Overall the hotel was super sketch. If you want to go for an experience and a good story then it's a 10/10. Otherwise pick somewhere else. It always could be worse. I want to reiterate the staff was awesome and a pleasure to deal with.
1438	1	My husband and I came here on our last day in Las Vegas, and had been waiting since we planned our wedding and seen them featured on Triple D. We ordered the Oxtail Fries which are absolute heaven. Only need to caution they come loaded with jalapenos, and my husband isn't extremely fond of them ( i love them) and accidentally ingested a few pieces since they were covered by the delicious melty cheese gooeyness and chili cheese oxtail mixture. Not greasy, well balanced appetizer, wish there was one here in FL!. We ordered a burger each, he ordered the Kikki and I got the Miyagi. Both medium, served pink in the center, but not raw or bleeding, perfectly cooked. Meat still had the grilled taste, wasn't over seasoned, over all the burgers were well made. Definately favorite part was the fries, I was sad I didn't have room to try those yummy milkshakes listed, maybe next time!
672	1	Best Thai place I've ever been, and I've been to quite a few. Gets crowded on weekends and evenings, but they do take reservations. Not cheap and not huge portions, but taste and quality are outstanding. Great wine menu as well. Papaya Salad, Garlic Prawns (shells fried crispy like chips) and Short Rib Penang are our favorites.
1283	1	You won't have :better" pizza anywhere.  As good, perhaps, but not better. No way.  Had a slice of white and a slice of the pepperoni and wow.  From the crust to the perfect amount of cheese the right amount of toppings ... it's a secret only because there are no signs and unless you spot a person walking out with a pizzza box or slice on a plate you would never think to go down some random hallway ... but the secret is out.  The place was packed (very little seating) with people ordering deliciousness.    Will definitely go back on my next Vegas visit.
1594	1	Made it a point to make it over to Shake Shack on my most recent trip to Vegas for CES.  Wasn't that crowded at ~10pm  Ordered the single stack, cheese fries, soda and a custard cup.  First off, don't compare it to In n Out.  They are both great in their own right.  I would compare Shake Shack to Super Duper Burger in San Francisco.  The patty was very good. Seared nice and juicy.  The highlight was the bun.  I believe it is a potato bun.  It is awesome  and just a moist bun, nothing I had before.  The burger is pretty small and I was thinking I should have gotten the double patty but I think I had my fill of calories.  That is why it reminds me of Super Duper Burgers.  The cheese fries were great.  As good as Nathan's cheese fries.  The custard was great.  Almost as good as Luv-it Custard.  The odd thing is that sodas are single serving and not the soda fountain.    All in all, I thought it was a great burger joint, and I wish they'd open on in San Diego as we really don't have many good burger places except for In n Out and Islands
255	0	There's nothing really wrong with the cafe, for breakfast, except for the outrageous prices. $4.50 for a beverage? Give me a break. I'm willing to pay a premium price for a nice restaurant experience, but I demand better food, better service, and better/unique ambiance in return. Cafe Bellagio offers none of those for its sky high prices.   The Crab Cakes Benedict was pretty good, though not work withe $20. The plain Belgian waffles were also pretty good, but not for $10--the secret, I think, is they use a lot of vanilla.   Service was OK for a restaurant of that size. There was a wait of about 15 minutes to get a table, but that was at 10AM on a Saturday with a rush.   If it's a weekday and you insist on eating at the Bellagio, go for the buffet. Better deal, I think. Otherwise, go off strip. Your wallet and stomach will thank you--first when the bill comes, later when you have to pay it.
1597	0	I stayed here with a few friends in the summer of 2010. Their power went out for hours on end and we weren't compensated in any way. Shit, an apology of some sort would have sufficed... Once it came back on, I tried taking a shower. The drain was clogged so I had to wade through my own chum. My friend later found the culprit... a condom was stuck in the drain. Tight. They still got those bronze statues of butts out front. Some more polished than others from people feeling up on them.
1483	1	This is how it should be done.  I have eaten at several Thomas Keller establishments around the country, and while in Vegas for a convention, I decided to escape the endless corporate buffets I had been subsiding on all week and seek out something a little more satiating.  I managed to con one of my co-workers into coming with me; she was very pregnant at the time.  I was a little bit concerned as it has been my experience in many Las Vegas 'clone' haute cuisine restaurants that the price is certainly high, the food is passable, and the service can be abysmal.  The restaurant is in the Venetian, and is a beautiful recreation of a French Bistro.  Black and white tile floors and nice display cases show off the pastries and the fruits de mer.  We were seated immediately and were engaged by the server in very short order.  He was fantastic, I wish I could remember his name, but he was truly passionate about the food and very knowledgeable.  He was very quick to supply my colleague with some fresh bread of her choosing to satisfy her needs.  He also was well-versed in wines and was able to explain menu items to my dining companion, who was a fine-dining novice, in terms that did not intimidate or patronize her.  My first course was the charcuterie plate, which was fantastic.  A very healthy portion of a number of fresh, house-made sausages and confit with some amazing pickles and spreads.  They were also generous with the mini-baguettes, I hate it when charcuterie plates are stingy with bread.  For the second course, I went with the waiter's recommendation of a platter of a half-dozen or so oysters, again, very great suggestions and very fresh.  For my main course, I had the short ribs, which evaporated into rich, meaty love in my mouth.  The waiter paired up a fantastic red to go along with it, played off the marrow perfectly.  One of the best servings of short ribs I've ever had, including my own, which I can make pretty damn well.  For dessert, we had a selection of pastries, among them profiteroles, which were perfect with the very fresh dark coffee they served me with it.  The waiter was kind enough to call an ambulance which whisked me away after I entered a post-dinner food coma.  A fantastic meal, with fantastic service - I don't hand out fives frequently, but am proud to give this establishment that honor.
1171	0	I'm going to preface this review by saying that I stayed here for a few nights after receiving a special offer for a $22/night rate (plus an $18/night "resort fee" which gets you wifi--for one device--and not a whole heck of a lot else), so consider that the entire trip was done somewhat on the cheap when reading the following.  In terms of the condition of the hotel and the rooms, it's certainly not dirty or decrepit by any means, but it is aging and is overall rather bland--the owners' unwillingness to put any money into renovations is readily apparent. Look around and you'll see all kinds of remnants--there's an "M" festooning the storefront of the cubic zirconium shop, a relic from Barry Manilow's stint here. And the "Spacequest Casino" and surrounding areas, including the massive entrance to the now-defunct Star Trek Experience, have largely remained as-is, which means there is a huge inexplicably space-themed casino just off the lobby. Oh, and you can still see the enormous Star Trek insignia on the outside of the building when taking the Monorail elsewhere.  We encountered a number of niggling problems over the course of our stay. We checked in at approximately 11:30 PM on a Sunday night and were told at checkin that room service was 24 hours; indeed, even the screens in the lobby, as well as the menu in the guest directory, all seemed to confirm this. However, a phone call to room service revealed that it in fact ends at midnight. What's more, an attempt to order delivery (via the GrubHub website) resulted in a phone call from the GrubHub management telling us that they can't send delivery drivers to the LVH because (and this is a direct quote) "last time they called the cops on the driver." Apparently the hotel owners are so cheap and money-grubbing that they would rather you starve than order delivery--that, or resort to the late-night "deli" off the sports book which served little more than deep-fried crap from Sysco.  The nickel-and-diming doesn't stop there. Want to make a coffee in-room? That'll be $3.50, please. Those "complimentary" bottles of water? $4 each (though, in fairness, they only charged us $4 despite the fact that we drank about three of them each over the course of our stay). Want to use the landline with your calling card? That'll be $1. Oh, and want to use the sauna/steam room? That's $20 (per day), on top of your resort fee.  Housekeeping doesn't seem to give a crap about whether or not you're asleep. Starting at 7 AM on Monday, we heard extremely loud Spanish virtually non-stop through the wall for well over an hour as the housekeepers chatted away with each other while cleaning adjacent rooms. It wasn't exactly something you'd care to wake up to involuntarily.  As far as creature comforts go, the water pressure in the showers is ridiculously pathetic--indeed, Larry King's urine stream is likely more forceful than the dinky trickle that issued forth from the shower head. Additionally, the water valve in our bathroom wouldn't completely shut off, resulting in dripping that, while not particularly annoying, did seem wasteful. What's more, the "hot" water was really on the low side of warm; I was able to get truly hot water only on the last day of our stay.  Those are probably the main issues that we encountered. Again, I'm not going to completely pan the place--the beds are comfortable, the rooms are serviceable (especially if you can snag an upgrade), the in-room A/C is ice-cold, the elevators are fast, and the promo rates can't be beat, plus the direct connection to the monorail makes it a snap to get to the Strip. If budget is a concern, this place isn't a terrible choice if you don't mind taking a few lumps.
285	1	Holy Burger!! This place rocks!!! Wanted something off the strip so we didn't have to pay 25 for a burger and found this little gem...  Delicious burgers ranging from 10-18 a burger, plus 2-6 for fries... Not bad in my opinion.  Came here twice in a period of 5 days and each time was unbelievable...   Some of the best burgers I've ever had in my life..  Note to owners: please open this restaurant in the La Quinta, CA area!!! We need a burger place like this!!
1608	1	Pardon my French when I say that Bouchon is f*#$%^& superb!   My friend and I made plans in advance to have brunch here. Unfortunately, we later discovered that brunch is only served on weekends. Instead, we chose to have a late breakfast. Bouchon only takes reservations for dinner, so it's first come, first served for breakfast and lunch. We arrived at around 11:00am on a Tuesday. The restaurant wasn't busy, but we did have to wait for about 10 minutes in their sectioned off wait area.   APPETIZER Terrine de Foie Gras de Canard (2.5 oz) with toasted baguettes: I hate liver. Naturally, I had some qualms about trying foie gras, but I was still game for it and kept an open mind. The foie gras' flavor really surprised me: It's smooth, buttery, and it didn't taste anything like liver with its irony "twang." I really can't describe its flavor other than it gets better with each taste. Spread it  on a slice of toasted baguette and gently rub some of the accompanying salt -- your taste buds will thank you. The amount we ordered was more than enough for the two of us.  BREAKFAST Croque Madame: Although located on the lunch menu, it makes for a great breakfast entree. Basically, this is the ultimate ham and cheese sandwich topped with a fried egg. What really makes this sandwich awesome is the mornay sauce, which is a white, creamy cheese sauce that's poured on top. To really push your carb intake to the edge, a large serving of french fries comes with this order.   For caffeine junkies, order the coffee. I like how it's neither too weak nor too strong. What I also like is how you can have your coffee to go.  OVERALL Future brunch and dinner plans were discussed between my friend and myself during our breakfast. I think that's suffice to say that we'll be returning. Bouchon is as close to Europe as you'll get in Vegas. There's no rush to finish your meal. The server isn't going to place your bill on the table minutes after your food arrives. Dining here really allows you to savor your meal and to enjoy the company your with.
1598	0	When I visited Las Vegas last week I stayed at the Harrah's Hotel and Casino and figured that I would try the buffet. Big mistake I ended up spending over 70 bucks for me in my husband and the food was mediocre not flavored the only thing that was good was the ice cream won't be coming back here when I come back to Vegas
839	0	Ok, here's the scoop. We're Las Vegas locals and try and hit most of the Strip and off Strip restaurants, buffets included. We gave it a whirl for Saturday night dinner buffet.  First stop  ..the centrally located Seafood island. We got a sampling of crab legs, oysters on the half shell, yellowtail sushi etc. The crab was mushy, I also got a few bad oysters (mushy too), the sushi was passable.  Next we hit the rest of the lines offerings.  Skipping most to try a few items I normally like. Tried the obligatory Prime Rib, which was fine, but certainly not as good as a stand alone Prime Rib restaurant. Tandoori chicken was next.  The chicken was ok, but very dry. I then got a few slices of deli salami.  All were overly chewy and had a funny taste. At that point I went on to some melon , all of which were totally unripe and tasted like cardboard.  I finally went to the desert station and got a small sampling of baked goods. They were ok, but I have to say I was disappointed that they had no ice cream to complement the Bananas Foster. In all fairness they told me the machine was broken.  All in all, I would say the meal was mediocre.   The meal was barely passable, however we will not be making a return trip. My wife made the same comments to me. If you want a truly good buffet, try The Bachanal at Caesars Palace. It was NOT worth the price of admission.
1600	0	Okay, honestly this is kind of disappointed buffet experience I have ever had. The foods are just foods, nothing really impressed me. I got 30% off coupon at the outside, but I would rather spend more on better places. For example, the fruit are not sweet and fresh at all.
1120	0	Maybe this place and I got off on the wrong foot, the rooms are ok the ac cranks pretty well, they have nice flatscreens and the shower puts out hot water.    Unfortunately it is a bargain hotel so you do get some "interesting" folks in the elevator en route to your room.    If you book the resort things get a little nicer, they have an exclusive (using the term lightly) lounge, give you free wi fi and even have complimentary wine and beer during the evening hours.    Thats where the upside ends,  The pool is incredibly small and shaped weird, the drinks are watered down and the dining is laughable.  I tried to get a bite to eat and ended up having to go to 3 places before I could find a decent meal to go.  First I went to Tres Rios, The Vince Niel Place, and learned that the actual kitchen has been closed for 18 months and they only do happy hour drinks and appetizers, Literally thats all they open for, then I try to go to the Benihana garden and hit up the sushi bar they have in there to grab a few rolls for my wife and I and learn they are CLOSED FOR THE SUMMER, finally I have to go the cafe and order a boring grilled chicken sandwich.  I would have gone to another casino but I had my kid and my wife waiting for me upstairs.  Who closes a Mexican food joint with a celebrity owner and a Sushi place in Vegas??    The only reason this place gets 2 stars is because the rooms are alright and they give free soft drinks, beer and wine for the resort club members.  If you stay here thats fine but dont expect to spend any other time/money here other than sleeping and re hydrating after the partying you did the night before.    If I can avoid coming here again I will.
1534	1	Lisa was fantastic! Everything about this place is fantastic.   Service  Attentive quick. Within fave minutes drink was served and with in ten food is served. Just right amount of check ups and right after we finished the bill and Togo box is served.   Good  Ordered the works omelette and beef hash, with muffins and potatoes as sides. The banana muffins are simply amazing. I'm not a big fan of baked goods but the muffins are something else.   The potatoes tastes like squared fries and delightfully crispy. The actual omelette and the beef hash are tasty with just the right amount of seasoning.   Did I mention bottomless coffee? Omg this place have everything! This will be my new favorite spot when I come to Vegas
44	0	We visited this restaurant for Valentine's Day and had an ok experience. The food was just ok.  We have been to Texas de Brazil many times so that is where a bar was set.  Customer service here was the worst part.  We waited at least 20 minutes for our water that we were charged a "water surcharge" for. The waitress seemed very confused.   The seating is very close to the other diners so if they are experiencing problems you know about it.  The people next to us bought a very expensive package and never received most of the perks that went with it.  Mainly the lobster.  The food at the salad bar was just ok. Not worth the price they were charging.   In my opinion, go to Fogo or Texas de Brazil if you want a good Brazilian experience.    Don't waist our time here.
1553	0	Blah! Blah! Blah!  My hubby and I came here with such high expectations after reading/ hearing all the reviews... and boy were we ever disappointed... infact my hubby got kind of quesy after eating here and we returned to our hotel to sleep it off... Yet another buffet that I will not be coming to in Vegas
1509	0	This buffet is priced pretty much the same as the rest of them, and includes unlimited wine and beer. We picked this buffet because we were staying at the The Mirage, and they also had a better quality beer included in the price.  There were a lot of options for people without any dietary restrictions. Vegetarians watch out! I talked to the chef and he told me that even the dishes marked as vegetarian contain chicken powder!!! The CHEF told me this! He didn't seem to care at all that this of course makes any vegetarian items not safe for them to eat. I spent the whole night and next day sick from eating chicken, which I am allergic to. This practice of adding meat to items clearly marked as vegetarian is dangerous. Who knows what else is hiding in their food.
1882	0	I was in vegas for a convention, and stayed here for three nights.  Let me just tell you, you get what you pay for, except you get a little bit less.  I tried have an open mind when I came here, but started hating this place when I couldn't sleep all night long! I could hear the people on top floor and could hear everything that was going on in the hallway, and because it's Vegas, there was always activity in the hallway all night long! It was so bad, that I had to make ear plugs from toilet paper! The next two nights I left the bathroom and the room fan running all night long for white noise effect- it helped.   The best thing about this place is oyster bar!  Would not stay here again, but will come back to eat at the oyster bar.
877	0	I made a bad choice coming here for breakfast/brunch.  My husband and I didn't want to drive out and we should have!  I ordered the biscuit with sausage gravy-- eggs where rubbery when they were supposed to be poached! Waffle was bland and the breakfast burrito was okay.  Even my son's kid's meal did not taste good.  We could went to Hash House or somewhere else for almost $90 bucks!!!! Lesson learned
379	1	Can Lotus of Siam be summed up? Can it be leveled by a few words? You'd be hard pressed. Try criticizing the best Thai meal of your life, one that you paid less for than almost every Thai dinner you've ever had.   Completely unpretentious, despite an incredible Riesling selection and the most robust and spicy Thai flavors you'll ever come across. Make sure to order Yam Nua, the grilled steak salad with mint and chili.  I am still speechless after my meal, the flavors lingering on my tongue and beckoning me to move to Las Vegas so I can eat here more often. Well, no meal can drive you that far.
63	1	Was awesome. Was told an hour & 20 minute wait. Waited for 45. Didn't have to stand there, they texted us when our table was ready so we could walk around the mall. We were seated promptly and the waiter was really kind. Soon as I seen the Farm Burger, I knew I HAD to get it. Duck bacon, cheddar & a fried egg. Food came out really fast I was shocked being that they were really busy. Everything was so good. I should've gotten two. Great experience.
978	0	It was husbands pick.  Heard about the lines on opening day so I was worried that it might be crowded but alas it was not at all and I can see why.  It is connected to the Casino Royale but has its own store front so you literally pass it when walking on the strip.  You can see and hear slots in the dining room.   I've tried them in the frozen aisle before and ended up tossing the rest of the box because I thought they were awful then.  I was hoping that maybe getting it fresh would make a difference.  UM, no.  They were pretty awful.  Patty is thin as paper with no flavor.  Bread is soft and soggy.  Price was also a lot for the quality you get.  $7.99 for 4 sliders, ordinary crinkle fries and a drink but it could be because they are on the strip.  Even my husband was not crazy about them either.  It was good enough to try once but I won't be coming back.  I just don't get the fascination?  Give me In and Out Burger anyday.  Heck even Burger King beats it and I can't stand Burger King.  They get an extra star for friendly staff. As for the complaint about the trays, that is the least of their problem.  The whole thing was so bland.  Would be good for kids.
513	1	Tried this place for the first time today, and I will definitely  be back. It's pretty pricey for me but definitely worth it. Love that they had burgers and ramen, my husband and kids enjoyed our meals.  Everything was so delicious and on top of that our server was awesome!!!! I'm all about good customer service and our server Dan made our first experience here even better!!!
1768	1	Best Burger in Town!    Hands down!  5 star best you can get.  If you havent had a bachi burger, you havent EVER had a Burger.  Fusion Asian and Burger, prime cuts that sizzle and light up your mouth upon entry.   This is the explosion in your mouth you are looking for in food.  lol.   This is fusion as its meant to be, surprising and tasty with a new combination and flavors you weren't expecting.    I recommend the kalbi, ronin or the bachi burger, they will be the beggining of a new love affair with burgers and fries..the fries are insane!   $8-10 burger, that delivers.  5 Star stuff here, DO NOT MISS THIS ONE..locals, if you haven't been here.  Beat it on down the Line, ASAP!    5 Star Recoomended!   Real deal legit shizzy here kiddies...  Get some!
540	1	Great service, delicious and fresh food (e.g. the squid in seafood pancake was supreme tender and fresh).would definitely return,but come earlier or.later to avoid the prime time. Only 11 regular tables so easy to end up with an hour wait. Totally yummy and worth it though!
753	1	Loved this place! Everything was exceptional; the service was excellent, the restaurant was extremely busy, my friend and I both ordered the Chef Ramses' infamous beef Wellington. We waited two hours to receive our entrees :( definitely worth the wait. I ordered the mac and cheese and my friend ordered the asparagus to accompany our meals. When we finally received our entrees it was too late to eat our sides, we just devoured our wellingtons. Food was delicious, will definitely recommend an earlier reservation on the weekends since it's so busy, food takes longer to arrive. It does say on the menu beef Wellington will take about 45 min to cook but 2 hours was a bit too long.
369	1	Where else in Vegas can you find a restaurant on the strip that has great service, great food, at a reasonable price?  I haven't found one except the one in grand lux cafe. I simply love this place and its a staple every time I come to Vegas.  My favorite dish is the corkscrew noodles with chicken in cream sauce. Favorite dish of all time, place gets an automatic 5 stars for it.
424	1	This was my first time to this establishment .. I have to say that I really enjoyed myself.  The food was great, the portions are huge though.  The have a full bar, so you can have a mimosa for brunch or even an afternoon cocktail.  I will def. be back !
773	0	Food = 4 Stars Service = 1 Star Location = 3 Stars because the patio was closed and this is where we originally wanted to sit  :(  I came here on a Sunday evening, It was PACKED! We had to give our IDs to the desk to get a table pager; which I found uncomfortable with. 20 minutes later, our party of 4 gets a nice booth in the back. The server was cute but seemed rushed. We gave her our cocktail order and it took about 10 minutes for her to bring them back. Most of the ice appeared melted already in my Margarita but it tasted Awesome even though the salt had all fallen off.   We placed our order for the apps and food and that was the last we saw our server for the night until paytime. The chips and Guacamole were awesome. I really enjoyed the salsa as well. My salad was rather boring, so I was going to ask the server to bring me some black beans or something to add to it, but sadly she never came back so I ate it how it was. Everyone else had mexican dishes and loved their dinners. The refried beans were really good.    I never was offered a water or cocktail refill :( I was freaking thirsty by the end of my meal!! My poor Bf tried the spicy sauce and had nothing to wash it down with by sour cream lol   We wait for what seemed like and endless time for the girl to bring the check after we had finished our meals. My bf wanted dessert, but it wasn't offered so we paid and left.   I would go back... But definitely not let her wait on me.
1507	0	This is a pretty lackluster buffet.  I remember it being good but that was probably over 10 years ago.  A lot can change in 10 years.  The only positive is that it is cheaper than the other buffets, I think $15.99 per person and there isn't too much of a line.  There was a basic selection of breakfast items, bacon, sausage, omelettes, eggs, etc.  There aren't any signature items and there isn't anything "MORE" about it.  The food tasted old like it had  been sitting for a while.  With all the buffet options in town, this one can definitely be skipped.
281	0	Overrated!! Honestly the (actual) hot dog tasted regular, nothing special...the buns were regular, nothing special...they just threw a bunch of sides on top of a REGULAR hot dog!! At $6-7a hot dog, presentation is only a fraction of what i expected. Don't get me wrong, would i eat here again??...probably...could it be better?? YES
150	1	The dipping sauces for the grilled meat were great! Highly recommend the happy hour. I had the spicy chicken with lemon sauce, broccoli, and the mushroom medley on brown rice. Definitely a good place if you're trying to eat healthy and on the cheap in Vegas.
488	0	Nice decor and quick to bring out food but food and drinks are terrible.   Ordered nachos which was basically a mount of chips with melted yellow cheese slices on the top. For awhile thought they forgot to put chicken but looking more closely there were microscopic pieces atop.   Vodka tonic hardly had any tonic which some might like but I couldn't drink.   after finally getting the waiters attention for check still took another 15 to receive it.
1303	0	Harold and Kumar traveled how far for these dumb burgers...  Totally not worth the hype. My ex stoner roommate was obsessed with White Castle and used to buy the frozen ones.. So when I tried these for the 1st time I couldn't believe how it tastes exactly the same (yuk)  People were buying them by the case when we walked in, total disappointment. People in the east coast got it all wrong these soggy sliders are crappy. Another reason the west coast rules.
626	0	I gave this hotel 2 stars but I'm not sure why. The room has a nice blind. That's probably what rises it from the one star i really think this place should get. I'm not a real fan of vegas, but I've stayed at places far nicer than this. For most meals i went across the street to New York because all there is here are either hugely overpriced places or macdonalds and nothing in between. Nothing at all if you like to, ahem, eat healthy food which doesn't seem like most people in vegas want to do I suppose.  Lousy music follows you everywhere. The cardio room was HOT - must have been 85-90 degrees in there - not good - equipment was OK but they could use a few more ellipticals. If you're into treadmill you're in luck, but only if you like to do your cardio in a sauna.  The room itself was small, noisy (bring your earplugs), housekeeping did not pay attention to do not disturb (wellness check? Have you thought of using the phone?), no fridge - just a mini bar that they have no problem telling you they will CHARGE you if you put your own stuff in there. No Coffee machine - that just makes me grumpy in the morning. Lines at check in were long, long, long, Why do people put up with this? I don't know, maybe it's just Vegas, but this place seems even worse than most. Not recommended.
1941	1	Absolutely fantastic. I had bone marrow, seared foie gras, and the hangar steak. Three very rich courses, but paired with the right wine, fantastic!  Service was excellent, their timing and planning was perfect in the way they brought out dishes. 3 courses, an aperitif, wine, digestif, took us about 2.5hrs total. $480 between three people. Will come back next time I am in Vegas.  If you are used to fine dinning and require Michelin stars goes elsewhere. If you enjoy an extravagant, (literally) expertly/perfectly cooked meal, come to bouchon.  Bon appetit
1903	1	Found this place on Yelp and our meal was awesome! For five of us we got a meal for four and it was more than enough. Also, a pitcher of Sapporo for happy hour after 10pm -- can't beat that!   Our server, Donkey, was outstanding as well. Will definitely return and recommend to others.
1274	0	I have experience much better service in a restroom. So upset with how we were treated and for no reason, we only wanted to sit and get something to drink. But that was even too difficult I guess. We had the 24 hour buffet pass, so we went to this one. Paid. Waited to get seated. Waited some more. Waited some more. I would say it was 15 minutes to wait to be seated, there was nobody seating people. Finally taken to a spot. We sat. We waited to get a drink. We waited some more. I told my friend to go get her food, I would wait and order the drinks. Waited some more. I had to flag someone down, then two servers argued about our table number and whose table it was. (Yes, ladies, everyone in the area heard you argue). Finally our server came, annoyed, and took our drink order. When she returned it was incorrect. *sigh* Reorder and wait. After that it I saw nobody interested to find out how we were doing, if we needed anything, or if we were alive. I do believe when the server arrived to clear the last of the plates I got a pleasant surprise of her rolling her eyes back when I spoke. Gosh, such love.  What was even more wonderful about surviving the cold looks from the staff was watching them ooze and gush over the older couple sitting ONE table away. They got red carpet treatment while we died of thirst. Not one server deserved a tip in that place for the service that they failed to give.  Food was decent. Nice selection for the price. No soup bowls for soup at either station. Boooooo. So if you eat soup on a plate or with your hands, your in business. Cupcakes looked great. They didn't taste great though. Just ok.
891	1	I ate here on my birthday and then I seriously dreamt about it for days on end so I had to come back within a week.  The Miyagi-san burger is amaaaazeeee and so are the oxtail chili cheese fries & truffle parmesan fries.  Service is great, but they seem really rushed.  I don't mind, because I'd rather spend more time eating my food than talking to the server.
825	1	Stopped here on our way to the airport. It was the best food we had all week! Considering we had paid $125 each for one mediocre meal, getting great food here for $25 for the both of us was awesome. We started with the tuna kimbap and both had the spicy ramen. The Kimbap was outstanding and the ramen was perfect. And the dried squid!!!! Amazing
1926	1	I saw in another review that this is owned by The Cheesecake Factory and in hindsight, it makes total sense. Large variety to choose from no matter the time of day (or night), huge portions, super tasty food. My hubby and I come here for the cream of chicken soup, of which I am typically not a fan. The first time I tried it, I was hesitant but since I was guaranteed to love it, I had nothing to lose. The first bite was okay, the second bite was pretty good, by the third bite, I was sold! Now I can't come to LV without having it at least once. Outstanding service every time.
1091	0	1- Loud, had to be the loudest restaurant I have ever been to. 2- Food, on par with Chili's or Applebee's, nothing special. 3- Service, waiter was nice but very rushed and stressed. 4- View, the view is excellent if you can get it. Personally I will not go back again.
1852	0	Words cannot express how horrible this was!  We made reservations for 5 because we were going to see the Blue man group. They seated us at a booth that was far to small for our party and when I asked the waiter if we could move and was told to go back to the hostess stand to be reseated!?!?!? Customer service, not!!  Guacamole came, and it looked amazing, till you discover the large amount of chips crushed underneath to make the bowl appear full.  Fail.  The queso chorizo appetizer was nothing more than a smear of beans with some cheese melted on top and microwaved till it was almost inedible.  Kids selections, nothing!!!  Mexican is by far the easiest to do a kids version of, so we had to order the 8yo a 14$ plate of cheese nachos because what kid wants a grilled cheese at a Mexican joint!?!?  Other daughter ordered fajitas.  I wish I could post a pic of the rock hard and crumbly tortillas that were served with it. Waiter knew immediately what was wrong, clearly an ongoing problem.  And the sound....  Wear ear plugs and expect to SHOUT all night.  Horrible food, service ect. Surprised the Monte Carlo would have such an awful place.
723	1	Bachi Burger has an interesting menu for a burger joint. That's bc this joint serves no ordinary burgers! We began with the Bachi Pickles, an assortment of eight different types of pickles, all handmade and very delicious. We had the Sweet Potato Fries dusted with sea salt served up with Yuzu Citrus Aioli dipping sauce, a delicious match. Each of us ordered a burger - think of your juiciest most succulent backyard barbecue burger ever taking a quick trip to Japan and stopping off in Hawaii on the way back, and you have all the wonderful influences that make Bachi Burgers so wonderful. I ordered the Kiki Burger: 5 ounces (1/3 lb) of thick, juicy, tender, delicious Texas Kobe beef topped with caramelized bacon, Gruyere cheese, sweet onion marmalade, very tiny petite mushrooms and tender fresh cool greens, served on a warm bun. My dining partner enjoyed a Signature BBQ Bachi Burger, a tender 5 oz Angus Beef burger served up on a warm steamed bun with crispy cool lettuce, a thick slice of ripe tomato and thin slice of raw onion. Everything was better than we dreamed it would be! We look forward to our next visit.
1447	1	Really great place for breakfast. They have really cute newspaper Menus and give you free banana nut muffins for your first visit! These were the best muffins I've ever had, I'm usually not a fan of banana nut but these blew me away. I also really liked their potatoes, they were crispy and seasoned really well. The bacon and avocado omelette was also to die for! It was our first time there and the waiter was really nice and helpful.
854	1	At the suggestion of some local friends we went to breakfast at Hash House A Go Go and it was as advertised.  Very large portions of very good food.  The bacon was thick, eggs cooked perfectly to order and my French Toast was to die for.  I highly recommend this place.  The only rub is that it is busy so be prepared to wait.
130	0	I guess memorial day weekend was not a good time for tao. Everyone was pissed because we were all there to see Kaskade who didn't even come on until 2. it was supposed to be a 6 hour set and along with that all of the employees kept saying he was coming on at 1. Maybe it would be better to go on a not so popular weekend. I literally couldn't even walk without being seriously scared that I was going to die by stampede. Other than that the decor was cool and if you eat at the restaurant girls are free and guys are half off. It was alright...
189	0	- - FOOD POISON - - BAD SERVICE - - AWFUL MANAGEMENT - -  We stayed at Mandalay Bay for our Vegas trip and decided to get something to eat late night, unfortunately the only place open was Citizens Kitchen. We walked in and got seated, the server had problems taking our orders and since he thought he could remember everything without writing it down he then brought out some of the food wrong. It took them 30-35minutes to bring out the food. No one wants to wait that long for food at 2am. Five out of  six people ordered the same food and it was the Burger and let me tell you that the vacation ended right there! Every single person had the worst stomach pain and you can imagine the rest!  I asked for a refund  the following day,  the managers told me that I should send an email with my experience so they could look it over, Nick one of the managers actually tried to help and he told us that they were very embarrassed over this and would do anything to fix it so he asked for the receipt and that he would refund the money, until today I only received $45 out of almost $180, they couldn't even track our bill and refund the rest being that they have an advanced POS system. It took them 3 weeks to refund the $45 while I had to text and call everyday.  Two of the five  people that had food poisoning  actually went to the doctors the day after and were told that it was 100% food poisoning.  Save yourself some time  and pain, do not  go to this place. It has awful food and service. I will never go back to this place and will never ever recommended this place to anyone!  - - - FOOD POISONING IN VEGAS ON YOUR 1st DAY OF VACATION, HOW MUCH FUN IS THAT - - -    Manadalay Bay should seriously think about renting to this place since they are inside of this hotel and getting so many bad reviews...........
210	1	Glad we set aside the time to dine in here while in Vegas. Had the garlic prawns ( so good I ordered another order after finishing the first plate), drunken noodles with soft shell crab, tom khai soup, curry duck were all excellent. You see any celebrity pics with the owner echo is cool to see. Lots of world renowned chefs all cosign this place and for obvious reasons.  Also, service was great. Very attentive and courteous. I will return and would recommend anyone who enjoys Thai food to make the trip out to this part of town.
1250	0	We paid I believe $15 per person for breakfast. I barely found anything to put on my plate and whatever I did find, i didn't enjoy it. Breakfast is supposed to plentiful and amazing food! Didn't find either of those here. I would suggest paying a little more and going somewhere nicer with a lot more food, I mean it IS a BUFFET! Kids pay $12.
1911	0	Stayed at this hotel because of a Groupon deal. The hotel is extremely outdated. It has a very dingy dirty feeling. The bathtub felt slimy when you stepped in it. The carpets and toilet were dirty as well. The AC worked well but parts were just hanging off. The glass was cracked on the closet door and the T.V. is a dinosaur. The pool is no longer open 24 hours either. The gambling area is so small and needs a major make-over. There are only 2 restaurants in this hotel. The positives are the staff was very friendly, Hooters Restaurant is open 24/7 and for the price it was very close to the strip. Overall, the negatives out way the positives and I would never stay at this hotel again. It felt worse than Motel 6.
1615	1	It was my first time here and everything is absolutely perfect ! Here is open 7/24 and they serve perfectly altough it's 2:30 am ! I got fettucini alfredo w mushroom and i can say that these guys make it better than little itally. To be honest here is the one of the best place to eat in Las Vegas...
604	1	Came here for brunch this past Saturday.  My cranky pants best friend was getting really cranky cause the coffee took a bit long to get to us and the food took even longer.  Anyways, places like this likes to deliver entrees to everyone at the same time and we had a party of 11.  I got the croquette madame and he got the chicken and waffles.  My entree was delicious and their fries were perfection.  His chicken was mediocre but the waffles and maple syrup was delicious! We also got a side order of the sausage and apple wood bacon.  Both were so good.  Together the both of us, it was $70.  Not too bad. Definitely want to return to try their dinner menu.
1110	1	I've been to GR restaurants in US & UK and there's a reason he's one of the best and produces that way. The menu is awesome. I finally got the beef Wellington and it was divine. The sticky toffee pudding - one of the best desserts in your life. There's a reason its award winning. The service was fantastic. Also had the bone marrow and we asked for bread and it came with real English muffins that were very rich but yummy. The lobster tail was ok. Definitely a fantastic meal. Just don't gamble in that casino. Dealers are beyond rude.
1879	0	I don't get how this place gets good reviews. It's like one of the cheapest (quality and taste wise) buffet that i had in vegas. Total was $60 sth for 2 for that quality of food? It's not comparable to any other hotel buffets for that same price.   The quality of the food is just bleh. Everything from decor to presentation to taste is just very whatever. My usual favorite part of the buffet - dessert section just completely turned me down. C'mon..soft served ice cream??? (not even comparable to souplantations soft served). It's more like hometown buffet quality but hometown is 3 times less the price.   Ahh. Despite the desserts, other food was just not to my taste. It's true that there are a little bit of everything, from american to italian, asian, middleeastern, mexican, etc, but nothing was really that good. Probably the best thing that i had was a piece of prime rib that i got when we first sat down. When i went to get another piece later on, they already got a new chunk of meat, and that second piece was complete RAW, dripping blood.   I've been eager to try this place because i think this is one of the few buffets that i haven't tried in vegas and with pretty good reviews. Not a good decision. I will probably never go back again unless it's free.
443	0	... Whattttt- This place is almost as big of a rip off as that Dragon Noodle place, however, this place tasted slightly better.  Mini Wontons = Wonton wrapper. -_________- wtc. All this craziness. I literally had doughy wrapper in soup for lunch. I mean their soup is light and flavorful but it tasted like misc. powder made soup. It was also extremely salty.  The Lai Mien (hand pulled noodles) wasn't bad, but after awhile it tastes redundant. It's a little bit on the chewy side for me too. There was a tiny piece of beef that came with my soup noodle, it was saddening.  I absolutely had nothing for the spicy cold noodles.  Their portions might look tiny but it's actually a pretty hefty serving. So do keep that in mind when you see the price.  But for $20/dish (on average), I would rather have a Subway sandwich, 4 times.
863	1	Great service, eggceptional food.  I wish we had such a breakfast place in Salt Lake City. Carla too amazing care of us, and our meals were prepared perfectly, even though the portions were too big.     It was my second or possibly third visit here, and it is consistently great.
1186	1	Dope-ass burgers, yo.  Definitely one of the best fast-food burgers I've ever had. Eat your heart out In-N-Out. I was in Vegas for 3 days and I ate there twice and I'd have totally gone again, even though it was about a 30-40 minute walk from our hotel on the strip.  Cool vibe and delicious everything. The one criticism I have is that the menu isn't visible from the order counter. The menu is beside the queue where you wait to place your order, so you'd better decide what you want and remember it by the time you get to the front (remembering things in a, shall we say, compromised Vegas state of mind can be challenging at times).  The crinkle fries are delicious. I really liked them with the cheese on top.   Highly recommended. It's quintessential Vegas over-indulgence, but at an affordable price in an approachable atmosphere. This should be on your must-visit list when in Vegas, especially if you live on the West coast!
1251	0	My boyfriend and I stopped in for lunch today. We wanted to see what all the fuss was about. Neither one of us was impressed. I had to choke, literally choke down my sliders, then was nauseous the rest of the evening. Buns, were soggy, meat tasted old. Fries were of the frozen variety, not evenly cooked or seasoned. We paid roughly $10 for the #2 and shared it.. let's just say I can get a steak and lobster for that price in town and not be sick or disappointed. We can say we've  scratched it off of our bucket list, but will not be back.
1530	1	5 stars is not enough!!!  Top tier level of service in a very comfortable atmosphere. The food was INCREDIBLE! The service was impeccable without being pretentious. As it should be, the teamwork that was involved throughout the night, is completely on point. The thoughtful features of not just pointing something out but, accompanying me, and covering the water as it's poured. The amazing manager (Tracy Gladson)  and wait team that took care of us made us feel like we weren't strangers.   You must order the Rib Cap, it is cooked perfectly. I don't have words to describe it other than melt in your mouth, perfect. I hope that all of Gorson Ramsays restaurants are this amazing, I will be eventually going to them all. He set the bar high and his team at Gordon Ramsay Steak leaped over.
1703	1	The best BURGER in the world.  Yes, it is $10.00 more than a double double @ in-n-out, but the quality and the thickness of the beef is superb!  They cook their burger to PERFECTION, and you'll never find another place with this quality of beef.   Not only is the beef perfect, but also their toppings.  You get to choose ANY topping you like on your burger.  I always get avocado with mozzarella and satuee portobello mushroom.  MMmmm, mummmm, mummm.  My stomach is growling just thinking about it.  On yeah, you also get to choose the type of bread you want around your burger.  I always choose ciabatta bread because it's mostly crust with little dough in side.  I'm weird, I always eat the outside of the bread, but not the inside.    Bottom line, if you're in Vegas, you gotta come here and try their burger.  I assure you with one bite, you'll be hook and will always have to come back here for another burger whenever you're in town!
1007	0	I've been coming to this buffet before it was even called Flavors... Basically it's like an international buffet but the variety within each country is limited. The quality reminded me of hometown buffet, but it gets the job done of getting you full.  Came here during breakfast not really hungry. Stuffing yourself in sin city, what they hey? seems appropriate. There was nothing that I didn't try at this place. If you dined with me before at a buffet, you'd know I eat a lot (like there's no tomorrow). They had an omelet bar which seemed like a hit due to the line, but I'm against the whole waiting in line in a buffet while food is all around you.  I can point out many flaws of this place. Service sucked coming from a deaf server who worked as slow as a Windows 98 computer, prime rib was as chewy as the Trident gum I had in my pocket, scrambled eggs had a cake texture that you had to cut through, breakfast sausages had a casing stronger than my iPhone's, crab legs were puny, sushi tasted and looked like two colored lego pieces.   Couple of goods were the bacon, crisp, unburnt with a great porky taste. Broccoli were steamed to the right texture. The sashimi got me going back for more. I had a good 2 or 3 platefuls of these suckers. The best thing you can creatively make at this place is tuna w/ 'broccoli rice' wrapped in bacon "sushi". I also got bored with flavors from eating everything separately so I made prime rib tacos, mock sausage bacon and egg biscuits from McDonalds, vanilla tart using vanilla syrup and a heart waffle, and a sashimi sandwich with a dinner roll.   For about 25 bucks a head, you'll get full off of "ehh" quality food, but it gives you a reason to be playful as well because you won't feel so bad from eating plates of bland food.   P.S. - save room for dessert and don't eat here! They skimp on the sugar, oil, butter or something that has to deal with sweets' flavor. There's a Ghirardelli shop a couple steps from the buffet that'll oversatisfy your taste buds for sure.
405	1	Second time coming here and quality and value still as good as the first. We were a group of 5 people. We got the gangnam for two people and added extra meat to it and it was enough for all of us.    Service is awesome and fast. Servers were attentive and friendly. Never felt bad to stop anyone and ask for a favor. Willing to come back!
1390	0	Eek! Methinks not is RIGHT.  I wanted to come here to see what all the hype was about. Sorry East Coast, White Castle did nothing to me. It did not wow me. It did not make me go crazy. I just felt like poop afterwards.  It was so expensive (maybe because it's located directly in the middle of the strip), for what it really is. A little slider.... with a weird piece of looking meat. And you can tell they're already made just sitting there, waiting for someone to pack it once you order it. It wasn't great nor was it horrible, it was just blah. And no one told me but they put ONE pickle in it.  I know it's a classic, but it ain't for me. Sorry fans. I'd rather spend my money at In-n-Out.
117	0	Got a groupon deal here for a really cheap room for the weekend. Room was whatever, kind of big, got a free bottle of wine so that was cool.   Not cool part?   they charged me for outgoing long distance phone calls to a phone number that nobody in my HUGE GROUP OF 2 even has in our phones, and they said someone called out from our room around 1 am. REALLY??? #1, both of us have cell phones, why the F would we use your stupid landline. #2, 100% sure I was at XS during that time dancing what's left of my youth away.   DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!! SHADY SHADY SHADY
1951	0	The first time I came to White Castle, the line was out the door.  I was excited to try the sliders!  After the first bite, I had no idea what the fuss is about.  The sliders are small and sad looking.  Not much flavor aside from the cheese.  And that's only if you get the cheeseburger sliders!  The original sliders are underwhelming.  The lines are seriously puzzling... is there a secret menu I'm not aware of?!  On the most recent, the hubs wanted to try the chicken rings.  It's a rip off. It's like a nugget, pounded super thin and then they punched a hole in the middle to make it a "ring".  Better off going to Shake Shack or even McDonald's dollar menu.
1582	0	This is a disgusting place. My wife got food poisoning from eating there.   We had other problems too. It took 30 minutes to get our food (pizza and ice tea). I would have stayed at home an gotten Domino's if I had known it would take so long. The pizzas were small. We paid $50 for two personal pizzas and ice teas. For that much, I would have expected a meal-size portion (not a snack-size), and better quality (not burnt cheese on top of raw dough and under-cooked sausage).
183	1	My server Alyssa was amazing. Very kind, always had a smile on her face and made sure everything was good with us. Also her manager Marc was amazing and making sure we enjoyed our service. I will definitely be returning and telling my friends about the wonderful service and food.
1376	1	OMG! omg, omg, omg. Did I say OMG?!    I have to tell you that I am NOT a fan a breakfast. I do eat it though and it's ok. I have never been wowed by breakfast. Let me just tell you that since visiting the Hash House, I have eaten those words. I have never been to a breakfast place where EVERYTHING (and I do mean everything) was delicious.  First let start off with the decor. This is a very nice place. Got a kinda old country/modern type feel. They have an outside patio in the front and also in the rear. The bathrooms are clean and quaint.   Enough of that, on to the grub. I ordered the pancake tractor breakfast with a rudy red mimosa. My hubby ordered the corned beef hask skillet with coffee. I have pictures of the food but the mimosa was so damn good, I finished it before remembering to take pics. (sorry)  My breakfast came with 2 eggs, potatoes and a pancake. Like I mentioned, I'm not a big breakfast eater, so I didn't want any meat. When my platter came (that's right, I said PLATTER), I couldn't do anything but buck my eyes. How big is this pancake, I asked the waitress. And I quote" 18 inches". When I tasted the food all I could say was ummm. They eggs tasted like they plucked them from up under a chicken they had out back. (don't know if they have a chicken house out back, but they were just that fresh!) The potatoes were awesome and the pancake tasted like buttermilk.  My hubby food came but before that he couldn't stop talking about the coffee. Now let me tell you, my husband drinks coffee, I don't. All he could talk about before his food came was how good the coffee was. I'm serious, he would not shut up about this coffee. He made me try the coffee. It was ok but like I said, I'm not a coffee drinker.  To quote my hubby, "This is some damn good hash. The best I ever had". My plate had so  much food on it 3 people could have ate with me. Even my husband had food left on his plate (and that's a surprise cause he usually don't leave anything!)   The bill came out to $40 but it was well worth it. You will not be sorry. I say go to Hash House on Sahara.
304	1	This is probably the best Thai food I have ever had.  The menu is extensive, and I do not think you can go wrong with whatever you order.  I will share my favorites though:  * Tom Yum Kai Soup: a little sour, a little spicy, but a lot of flavor * Crispy Duck with Mint and Chili: very crispy duck skin flavored with just the right amount of spice * Drunken Noodles with Soft Shell Crab: I am not sure why this is called drunken noodles, but it did not make me drunk. * Nua Yang Panang (Charbroiled beef with Thai red curry and cognac): This did make me a little drunk...
1604	0	Trust me, I like to be honest with my ratings (generous too) but Beijing Noodle No. 9 just didn't float my boat. And I won't wait to drop the bomb here. Take heed. This restaurant is way too overpriced for your own good. If all you're looking for is an affordable place to grab some food, turn around and head for the foodcourt. My friend and I ended up paying more than $50 for a small order of spicy wonton, small fried rice and beef noodles. Now if that $50 was in Hong Kong currency, I wouldn't complain but for a meal that could've cost me less than $20 at Chinatown, I ended up paying more than double its value. And sure, it tasted authentic. Even the service was authentic in such a way that the waiters didn't even really understand what we wanted so we resorted to explaining our orders in Chinese.   The whole concept of Chinese & Western decorative fusion looked pretty interesting at first, but that hype quickly faded as we seated ourselves and witnessed the staff's cold shoulders. Midway through our meal, one of the waiters abruptly came over and asked 'Finish?' Before my friend could even reply no, the waiter was gone and we were left staring at each other. I didn't really know how to feel about the fishtanks that lined up the entrance to the restaurant and allow me to drop in a quick recommendation as an alternative. The new Bachannal Buffet is not a far walk from here. Walk over there and get your money's worth!
465	1	All you need to know: THE BEST SKINNY FRIES I HAVE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE. EVER.  Perfectly cut, not greasy, perfectly salted, crunchy outside, soft hot inside. I ate every last one and I could have eaten more.  So it is no secret that I love Hubert Keller.  I have the hugest crush on him with his French accent, charming smile, and gray ponytail.  And I don't typically crush on older men, that's a fact.  I also love how he's always adorably sweet and encouraging on the Top Chef shows.  And his PBS shows make it look easy to make souffle...yeah, right, but he makes it look easy.  So we went to Burger Bar after an unintended visit to the airport to retrieve my BF's lost ID.  Ugh.  This place looks like an updated more upscale diner with booths, tables, and bar seating.  Get your fave type of seating and get ready to stuff yourself!  Burgers are either "build your own" or Chef's burgers that are already designed with toppings, etc.  They even have veggie burgers and fish burgers so if you don't like beef you are still going to find something here.  I ordered the Hubert Keller burger that was buffalo meat with caramelized onions, baby spinach and bleu cheese on a ciabatta with red wine and shallots sauce.  If it is good enough for Hubert it is good enough for me.  The burger was perfectly medium rare and the entire thing was messy and dripping with savory juices from the sauce and the caramelized onions. It was delicious...and huge!  I didn't finish the entire thing but that may have been because I stuffed my face with fries.  The BF got the lamb burger.  This one is with secret spices, tomato, cilantro, and spicy burger bar ketchup.  It had a great spice taste, like Middle Eastern inspired flavor.  And the spicy ketchup - that is the stuff.  We ordered a separate order of that for our fries.  Not that the fries needed ketchup but damn that ketchup was good.  I cannot stress enough how good those fries were.  I am a huge fan of skinny fries, crunchier the better, and dear God they were amazing.    If you don't want burgers, they do have salads and a chicken sandwich too.  They also have milkshakes, including BOOZY milkshakes.  If ONLY I had enough room for one of those too.    Service was good, our waitress was attentive and didn't let us go thirsty.  She also answered that Chef Keller was not there that weekend and told me I could keep up with his whereabouts (i.e. stalk him more effectively) on facebook.  She confirmed that he is a sweet guy just like I already knew.  The prices are pretty standard Vegas if you ask me which means it isn't gonna be the cheapest burger...mine was $22 if that tells you.  And the ketchup extra was $1.  But hey, that's how it goes.  Next time you are in Vegas and want a casual atmosphere and a damn fine burger and the best fries EVER you need to come here.
1346	1	Best Korean BBQ I had so far!!! All their staff are nice. We came on a busy Friday but it didn't take long before we were seated. Our server guided us in the menu and we ended up getting the Meat Lover, prime kalbi (w/ is sooooooo good!) and bacon wrapped scallops. All their banchans are twice the size of the usual banchan from other restau. All meat are fresh and tasty. We enjoyed our meal and will surely come back!
1260	0	Great food. The service is extremely slow. Nothing happens fast here. 10 minutes to get a drink from when I sat down. The meat servers do not come around often if you sit on the patio. Servers are not motivated to earn tips. 35 minutes to the pay ythe bill. So many better places to go
216	1	Unlike most of the places I review on this blog, Burger Bar is a place I can write a review on based strictly on memory. Still, given the opportunity a few days ago to stop in there for lunch I didn't hesitate. Besides, I didn't have any quality pictures to post until that point.  Because I've been here so many times I was almost nervous that I would give this restaurant preferential treatment, but since I've been taking a way more analytical approach to my burgers lately I found that Burger Bar wasn't quite the perfection I remembered it.  But it was still close.  Located in the elusive Mandalay Place shopping area connecting Mandalay Bay and the Luxor, Burger Bar is placed amongst overly expensive clothing stores, men's shaving boutiques and some other more touristy shops of late. The restaurant has been there for quite a few years now and is maybe looking slightly dated, but it's still a good atmosphere. It's very open pretty much anywhere you sit, even in the booths, so don't go there if you're looking for a decent amount of privacy. Also if you're going on the weekend, or even potentially during a weekday lunch, expect a wait or try the bar.  Other than a small selection of slightly overpriced burgers, the menu is pretty much do-it-yourself. You have your choice of meats; Angus, country natural, Kobe and buffalo, along with chicken, salmon turkey and veggie if you're into that sort of thing. While the Kobe is totally delicious, I find it to be a bit expensive and have been completely happy ordering the Angus. But more on that shortly. Once you've chosen your meats, you have a very long list of choices for veggies, cheeses, meats, sauces and plenty of other fancy things. I've had quite a few different burgers over the years, and all of the toppings have been great.  For this particular meal I went with the Angus, Swiss cheese, and mushrooms on a sesame bun. Fairly simple, but that's fine because the meat always stands out as a great flavor on its own. One of the biggest things I can say about this restaurant is that however you order your burger it will always come out that way. Consistency is key, and they never disappoint. I ordered medium-rare, and it's as pink as it could be. And like I said, the meat really has great flavor, so whether you have a ton of toppings or almost none, you're guaranteed a great burger. After eating a lot of others around town lately, I could say that this burger might be lacking a bit of seasoning now, almost as if the burger is outdated like the restaurant. Still it is fantastic and won't disappoint.  The various buns I have had are always good, no matter which one you get there seems to be a proper meat to bun ratio. The mushrooms were flavorful, and just the right amount. My cheese was melted as always, the lettuce and tomato on the plate were also very fresh. I haven't always been a fan of pickles in the past, but they're growing on me with all these burger meals so now it's a welcome sight on my plate.  The fries are the one slight weak spot in this meal; my skinny fries were just ok, a bit too generic for such a fancy menu. The sweet potato fries have been really good in the past, especially with some ranch, although it's been a while since I've had them. I'm not always a fan of fat fries, but they're a little better here so you might want to try them when visiting.  My burger, fries and drink came to almost $19; I would consider that a bit on the high side if it wasn't in a very touristy spot on the strip. I'm not always too happy about spending that much on a burger meal anywhere, but compared to Bradley Ogden or even BLT this is a huge value for the same price. This place is still one of my favorite choices in town based on the burger alone, so do yourself a favor and check it out.
617	0	What a HUGE disappointment!!! Way overpriced, horrible service and a one hour wait during lunch at 1:30pm....which they called brunch. I would have liked a salad but the options were very limited, as this was brunch, so they mainly had egg dishes and of course their desserts. So I ordered $15 Nachos. The nachos came with a 1/4 inch layer of grease on the bottom of the bowl and the cheese tasted like some kind of canned cheese wiz. The meat was so over cooked it was super crumbly. I saw the server once and I had to ask another waitress for the bill, as my waitress was busy talking to the table next to us. I will admit the  Frozen Hot Chocolate was vey good and that gave this review its one star. However, for  $11 for a size small, it too was over priced!
1614	0	The casino is extremely smokey! The restaurant staff were very slow and my boyfriend almost choked on a bread tie that was baked into his pancakes. The food came out cold as well. Our hotel room was also left dirty. Also, the pool was being fixed. The hotel staff was very friendly and accommodating in helping fix the situation by upgrading our room. The rooms are old and dusty. I guess you get what you pay for.
1592	1	Korean Prim KalbiHarami Miso BulgogiBulgogi BibimbapNO1     NO1Gangnam set  133USD Korean Prim KalbiBulgogi Bibimbap    WESTSei-Ko-EntsuruhashiBBQ
310	1	This was by far the pinnacle of my dining experiences so far. We ordered the shrimp cocktail, which was very different from the norm but delicious and refreshing with the cucumber cocktail sauce. The shrimp were huge and meaty. We also ordered the American filet and the wellington. My friend likes her steak well done and even at that the filet was cooked so well that you could cut it with a fork. The wellington was delicious. The only thing I would do differently next time is for a light touch on the truffles. We split the mac and cheese as a side and, while it was very different, it was delicious.  The service was stellar. Our waiter Anthony took care of our every need and was so patient and knowledgeable about the menu. This was serious the best dining experience I've ever had. Money well spent and I'm glad I did it.
536	1	FOIE GRAS FOR A CALIFORNIAN  Anyone who's read my profile knows my love for foie gras. Because of the California ban on foie gras it is very difficult get this delicacy. After the ban the last time I had foie gras was when Psycho Donuts in San Jose were giving free foie gras donuts. Yesterday on my last night at Vegas I came here for dinner. There were two items I had in mind: 1) Hudson Valley Foie Gras 2) Beef Wellington. I waited in anticipation for both items. The first dish was the foie gras. When I took a bite of this foie gras it reminded me when I last had foie gras at a California restaurant after the ban - it was at Boulevard in San Francisco. I took my time eating this foie gras. I cut the foie gras into thin slices. I placed the thin slices of foie gras with the bite sizes of pumpkin waffle. This provided a typical contrast of savory and sweet texture. I treated this foie gras dish as if it was the main dish. The main dish the Beef Wellington takes about 45 minutes to cook. I never had Beef Wellington before and it was worth the wait. The pastry had that golden crust. The beef was cooked perfectly medium rare. Some people think a steak that is medium rare is too red. I never understood some people's fascination of a well done steak. For the amount of money you pay for a great quality steak why destroy the quality of the meat. What I love about the Beef Wellington that it's only cooked one way - medium rare only. Chef Ramsay is making the statement that customers have to adjust to him and not the other way around. The customer is not always right. Overall having dinner at Gordon Ramsay Steak with a chance to have foie gras was great way to have dinner on my last night in Vegas.
1430	1	This place was packed even before I showed up with 16 people, somehow we managed to get a spot quickly enough and were served right away with wine and food coming quickly. Lunch was amazing, the KRAPHAO MOO KROB and spicy fried beef rice has inspired me to try and recreate it in my own kitchen. The only dish that I didn't love was the MEE KROB. It for me was a little too sweet, but everyone else enjoyed it.
894	1	New York style pizza! This is everything you could want in a pizza - the perfect dough, grease that drips down your arm, and big, foldable slices.   What I loved most was that staple flavors, like pepperoni, cheese or veggie, were just what you'd expect but SO flavorful!   The white pizza was amazing. No sauce - mozzarella dotted with heaps of herbed ricotta, slathered with a buttery garlic sauce.   The sausage with onion and green peppers was perfect too. Spicy, thinly-sliced Italian sausage made for some perfect bites.   Love this place. Highly recommended for any time of the day!
929	0	I've been to other Brazilian places: Texas de Brazil, Fogo de Chao, Via Brazil. All on several occasions. This place is not comparable with the quality of food, dining experience or service.... But it does cost just as much.   The salad bar wasn't up to par because the selection isn't as wide as Texas de Brazil or Fogo de Chao. The cheeses weren't as good, nor the cold meats.   The meats brought around weren't cooked well. The selection of meats was mostly cheap pork or chicken, and I found them fatty. The sirloin, when it finally came, was tough.  Don't pay extra for the seafood. It's basically a plate of crab cakes and tilapia (decent enough) with some unshelled shrimp. Really? Unshelled shrimp?  If you're local just stay off the strip and go to one of the other places. If you're a tourist, it's worth the trip to towne square for Texas de Brazil.
1825	0	The beer was the best part of the experience. We were seated at a tiny two top in a corner and couldn't enjoy the fun vibe or decor. The waiter didn't tell us anything about the menu, or bother to ask if it was our first time. We ordered a few different things, and it all came at once. This wouldn't have been a problem if the plates were proportionate to our table, but needless to say the plates made us feel even more crowded. Thinking we could get past this, we were eager to eat. Unfortunately, the food was not tasty. The pozole and pork taco with pineapple were decent, but needed seasoning. The two other dishes were just kind of gross and disappointing. Meanwhile, the waiter never came back and a bus girl took my plate. She was probably trying to clear off the disaster in front of us, but didn't  even ask if I was done. In one last effort to find redemption, my husband ordered dim sum. Our mistake, he ate three of the four because he was hungry, but was again disappointed. The people next to us were also having a bad experience. We love the Cosmopolitan, but will not return to this place. I was really excited to try it out, but it definitely did not meet any expectations.
610	1	Man I am going to die dreaming about the crispy duck with coconut curry sauce. If only I could rest on a bed of duck in a sea of coconut curry...  Ordered: -Crispy duck with coconut curry -Garlic Prawns  -Coconut Ice cream -Fried Rice -Pad Thai -Green Curry  The crispy duck is a huge filet of duck floured and deep fried then cut into slices and drenched in a creamy and spicy coconut curry sauce. The skin is still incredibly crispy and the fattiness cuts out the spiciness of the curry very well.  MUST GET.  The garlic prawns: basically tiger prawns half de-shelled so that their bodies are chilling outside of the shell but still wearing them like a cape. Then they are deep fried and tossed in garlic and white pepper. The shell was the best part! So crispy, salty, slightly spicy, and not the least bit oily. It was just endless crunchfuls of deliciousness. MUST GET. These fried shells are better than chips. Better than fried pork skins. Better than any crunchy savory combo item you can ever dream of. GET THESE. They are expensive.  The coconut ice cream was very interesting. Order it. Creamy yet refreshing, it had a flavor almost similar to taro.  Other stuff were whatever. The portions here are small. Be prepared to spend more here than at your regular Thai restaurant.  Also, we tried to get a thai ice tea to go and the waiter told us they were out of to-go cups... while standing in front of a huge unopened bag of plastic cups......
89	1	Ordered the meat lovers for two and a steamed egg and was very happy with everything. Had a great selection of meat and wasn't disappointed by anything- all was good quality. The bulgogi was my favorite.  I recommend the steamed egg, it was one of the best I've had. The combination also comes with a large salad which was nice. Only thing I would improve is the cucumber kimchi, which was too sweet.
524	0	Paid for all you can drink out of beer only had wine.  They gentleman at the bar kept saying he would have some there soon . I did notice at the end of the meal they had some.  Food was under seasoned over cooked. My husband and I kept going back to try anything that was not dry overcooked. The root beer he ordered was flat.. Had a very difficult time finding anything that was palatable. Made a salad. Very disappointed. Service was nice that was the only positive I could come up with. This is our second time at this buffet we thought we would give it a second chance. We will never make that mistake again.
86	0	Use to love this place. Use to! Not busy Friday night and now I may know why. Ordered a filet and was tasteless. Server reordered it and had it chard. Took forever, our table was almost done eating. STILL NO FLAVOR! .......REALLY!!  This is a steak house for Pete sake. Spend some money on a salt and pepper shaker. Sister and spouse tried it too and agreed. Manager said they season with salt and pepper and are usually heavy on that, then followed up with "a filet usually has little flavor". Huh?? Asked him to try it but he refused. But just continued to argue the point but would not try it. He Just liked to continue to say I was wrong. So I was done! Sooooo done! And manager did nothing to make it right I mean NOTHING! But he got out of there quick. Maybe he was not the manager!  Just presented us with the rest of the expensive bill. So after we left our party. We went back to our hotel the Wild Horse Pass Resort so I could eat something. I was so starving since I had only bread and my husband sat and watched. REAL FUN NIGHT!!! So maybe the General Manager should call us if they care.
823	0	DONT waste your money.  Inferior beef, inferior service wilted warm salad and zero appeal. What a huge disappointment. The food was TERRIBLE!  The first order was prime rib. It was served swimming in water from the unseasoned frozen vegetables and had absiolutely no flavor. That was exchanged for a piece of meat named as a fillet of beef on the menu. It was the most inferior fillet ever served   YUK! Our guest ordered a medium rare New York strip.  It was served well done. Our guest was too polite to complain. My husbands bone in rib eye was a tasteless overcooked disaster.  The only edible thing on the table was the cotton  candy.  What a sad experience. I came home and made a fried egg sandwich as I was so hungry. Not worth going  to even for the view.  Zero stars.
1968	0	Big Disappointment! If I can give it a ZERO, I would!  Paid $900 for the VIP Bottle Service.  We went in a group of 10.  We were treated so very well at beginning and at the end,they basically acted like they did not know who we were. They talked to us by name the entire time.  I was tossed out because I felt sick, went up stairs to the bathroom and threw up.  It was so hot and humid from the fully packed people.  People were literally dancing on each other on the dance floor.  I wonder if they even have a limit capacity.    Anyways, a bouncer escorted me up to the casino floor, told me that they had found my husband and that he would come out to meet me at the entrance.  15 minutes later, he never showed up.  Asked one of the bouncer by the door to see if he knew what was going on.  He said to ask the other guy which turned out to be the guy who took us to our VIP booth and accepted our credit card.  Asked him if he remembered who I was, he said yes.  I told him that the other bouncers told me my husband would meet me by the entrance.  Showed him, my "X" on my risk cause I couldn't go back in.  His face totally changed and acted like he did not who I was and said he has no way of helping me.  Really? He was the guy who took our card and escorted us.  My party was literally looking for me all the place.  They asked the clean ladies upstairs by the bathroom and they said they never saw me.  LIARS!     Trust me, they are just after your money.   Once you are done with the drinks from the bottle service, they are done with you.  No need to tip their waiters and waitresses.  They are so fast to clean your booth and bring in a new group. They brought new ppl to our booth while my party was still their.  Their VIP sucks so bad.  They put 2 parties in one both.  There's no separation between you and the other party.  If you request, they'll just have a bouncer to come in between.    Take your money elsewhere.  And for an actual real VIP booth, please go somewhere else unless you want to pay $$$$ and share with someone else.  We went to Encore the second night and had a blast their.    Love the Venetian, hate the CLUB!
1139	1	You definitely have to try their version of a banana nut muffin. I've never eaten a banana nut muffin quite like it.  Now I know why they're famous for it.  I also love their newspaper-like menus, very creative.    It is a comfortable atmosphere and friendly service.  This is a popular restaurant, and we went on a Saturday morning, thus we had to wait for about 15 minutes for a table, which isn't bad at all. It took a while for us to decide on what to order because everything (they had quite a variety of choices on the menu) sounded so appetizing.  After we finally ordered, our food came out quickly, and everyone was pleased w/ each of our orders.  Everything looked very good and tasted great too.      It's not located that far away from the Vegas Strip, and it's definitely worth the short drive.  It's also a nice getaway from the chaos and traffic where the casinos are.  I certainly couldn't have gotten a decent and fairly priced breakbreast/brunch meal somewhere on the Strip. From now on, whenever I visit Vegas, I'll have to goeat at Egg and I.
1602	1	Great place! It's still decorated in that "old Vegas" style with neon and mirrors everywhere. Very cool looking place! The food is outstanding and they serve a full menu 24 hours a day. The portions are large and very filling. It's a decent value considering how much food you get here. I would definitely recommend not missing out on The Peppermill whenever you are in town!
1873	1	As someone who grew up around NYC, I know good New York Style Pizza. And this fits the bill perfectly. The thin crust has that nice crack to it when you fold it and is crispy enough to hold the end up in a triangle so you can eat on the go. The wait wasn't bad when we went, under 20 minutes from the middle of the unmarked hallway on a Saturday night. That makes me think that unless a ton of folks are ordering whole pies, even a line out the door is under an hour.  I applaud them for not offering ranch - that's some weird midwest or west coast topping that folks put on pizza to mask how awful it is. Unnecessary for NY Pizza!  $5 a slice seems pretty shocking at first, but it is in a hot casino in the heart of Las Vegas Blvd, so I won't hold it against them. $4 for a Coke in a Solo cup is lame, so we bought the 2L bottle for $6.50. What a markup!
16	1	Visiting Las Vegas for the weekend and saw that this place had some pretty great reviews. People weren't kidding, it's FANTASTIC. Our server was Liza and she was SO attentive, kind, and helpful. True definition of a great waitress. Everyone's plate was clean at the end of breakfast. I was very impressed with this place and will definitely seek it out again when I'm back in Vegas.
1	1	yeah all the hype.  all the fuss.  all the food.  all the shakes.  delicious.  I had the hotdog and chicago dog and they were good.  now the coffee fair trade shake, i could not get enough.oh did I mention the coffee shake was delicious?    If you know what you want, there is a virtually no line window outside to get small things like drinks and cements.
535	0	This was my first time at a Hooters.. I know right? Like how can I have never visited a Hooters. lol. But I regret trying the wings for my very first time at the Casino. I love wings, but I felt that the taste was not that great. Are the wings over rated? The service was even not impressing.
203	0	Would never go here again. The hostess said it was a 30 minute wait for an outside table & the place wasn't even half full, there were empty tables everywhere including outside. The "mug" drinks were way overpriced, came in a tiny plastic cup & barely had any booze in them. The bartender less friendly then a rabid porcupine. We waited for 20 minutes & NEVER saw a waiter which means we also never got to eat because we became tired of waiting & left. The only semi redeeming quality was the atmosphere, which was pleasantly quiet for a few minutes but after which it became frequently punctuated Every other minute by a loud, obnoxious, mumbled, unintelligible voice screaming some ridiculous crap about something going on in the restaurant.  That was our cue to split & look for a place that would actually be happy to serve us.
1405	0	This place isn't really a good deal.  I found this place off hotel.com and the price seem good.  I booked by calling the hotel by phone. BUT, after showing you their price the hotel also has fees and taxes that add to an extra hundred dollars. $11.00  a night for resort fee.  Really??  When we got there, we waited in line for an hour. The line was long and they only had 2 check-in servers. The kiosk was out of order.  They say it's free valet, but they only tend to people who are checking in day of. So we couldn't use it after our first night, we actually didn't get to use it at all. Room service came around 8:30-9am everyday. If your still sleeping, they will leave and not comeback to clean unless you ask.  The pool is small and always packed.  This place has plenty of rooms which brings in so much costumers.  So everything that the hotel accommodates is just too crowded. (parking, pool, casino, etc...) We went to a comedy show there, and the comedian was saying she wouldn't be surprised of there was a bulldozer outside waiting to take the hotel down after the show. (True!) Lol!! Pro: the servers are really nice.  Every time we asked for something they help out.   It was a bad experience.
782	0	Here is all I can eat from the sky above to the sea beneath, but there is no character at all and the service is awful.  Having a great expectation, i came here on the first day of the MGM Grand staying to start off my trip to LV with fantastic meals even though i ve been frugal in an everyday life. Imagined that this buffet is great, i dressed up to fit on a high-end restaurant. Soon after getting in the restaurant, i regretted the way i wore. This restaurant is below than casual. My mom and i arrived around 6 o'clock  and there was no crazy line out there. However, the hostesses were very cold and my appetite had gone already and i didn't want to eat here. But my mom is too old to move to an another buffet place (because she was very excited to eat dinner at the buffet), i reluctantly fallowed her and had a seat.  The food is mediocre. There were many ethnic food like American, Asian, Greek, Spanish. However, every food was not delicious at all. Even as a Asian, i tasted the Chinese food and it was a disappointing. The feature is almost there but the taste was no character. This was not well made. Supposed by everyone, Chinese food made by Chinese chef, Mexican food made by Mexican chef. the desserts made by patisserie. All taste were the same mediocre.   Everything made out of cheap. For example, the crab legs, these were too thin and nothing left inside the shell and very salty.   Even though i have been so many buffets out there like Aria, Caesar Place... this experience was the worst.
1917	1	I was ecstatic to try this place after seeing Anthony Bourdain dined here.  The hype is real. I love Thai food, but the options here are more unique and the menu is extensive!  The Drunken Noodles Topped with Duck and the Pepper Fried Prawns were amazingly delicious. Everything was piping hot, fresh, and super flavorful.. not just slabbed in sauce or deep fried in batter.  Overall, I would say this place is optimal for larger parties, ideally 4-6 people. We had 10+ people and it was great ordering dozens of dishes and sharing family style. But, I would imagine for a pair - it would be more challenging to try all the variety of dishes!  Inexpensive and absolutely worth it!
511	1	Great place, great meal!!  Beautiful inside - looks like an authentic French restaurant. I had the prix fixe menu- house made garlic sausage in brioche, boeuf bourgenion (I can never spell that right) made with beef cheeks - one of the best dishes I have ever had - and a chocolate mousse with pistachio sauce to end.  Mrs had the same sausage starter and the moules frites.  All really good!
1248	0	I would not come back to this place even if it was free.  I was very disappointed, I really wanted to like this place.  Our waitress was very nice.  My disappointment came when we had to wait more than 10 min for anyone to come through with meat, and if they did come, it was because we had to ask our waitress to send someone over.    The food was tasteless, and all I had to eat was a Caprese (look-a-like) salad because I could not bare eat any of the meat.  I would not waste my money coming here.
593	0	I know the servers are supposed to be "wise crackers" but there is a difference between being witty and being a complete ass. I can handle jokes.  When we sat down our bartender, Shane, barely even gave us the time of day. I didn't feel welcomed at all. I really felt like I was bothering him, and that is a very uncomfortable feeling.  Needless to say we didn't stay for dinner. We paid for our drinks and left. And Shane if you are still looking for your tip here it is... Don't be such a complete jack ass. How's that for a tip.
625	1	Went here a month ago and then went again this past week...this place just gets better and better!  This time we ordered the American Kobe Beef burger...the meat was so tender and juicy and it made all the difference!  We also ordered the Cobb Salad which I expected to be just OK but it was EXCELLENT!  The wait staff was also super friendly/attentive which makes the experience all the better.
74	0	Literally every section has the same three items ( bacon, eggs, and sausages). There's a very small selection. This will be my last time eating here. Awful food and service during breakfast. I'm highly disappointed that I wasted my money and time waiting in line.
821	1	BEST BURGER I HAD IN A LONG TIME :)   5 stars: *prompt seating *great customer service -- our waitress kept coming back to check up on us and kept refilling our drinks without me requesting for a refill. i love that! *The meat wasn't dry! *A creative way to dress up your burger  I will call my burger "The Morning Beast burger" (don't laugh because it was GOOD) *Turkey burger *Dry whole wheat bun *Blue Cheese *Caramelized Onions *FRIED EGG!!  It was really good! The turkey burger wasn't dry at all! i know in the past  turkey burgers tend to get dry due to lack of fat but it was grill to perfection.  PS. Try the Sweet Potato fries! :)   Total bill for two people was wound $40 with drinks so it wasn't THAT bad. I rather spend a lot of money on good food :)  Have anyone tried the Truffles?! $35 each?!!
1255	1	LOVE LOVE LOVE!!! Thomas Keller, you are amazing. This is a MUST try brunch place in Vegas; I will take this quality food over 3+ hours of waiting for a buffet anyday. And this being my second Thomas Keller experience, and just as good as the first (Fleur de Lys, San Francisco), I am determined to try every Thomas Keller restaurant possible in my lifetime.  We had a 10-15 minute wait on a Saturday morning Christmas, but it was nice because we lounged around and looked at their menu beforehand. We did have a service problem. But I still gave them 5 stars for the way they remedied it. They brought out one of our orders before the other... WAY before. I think we waited a good 15 minutes for our present order to get cold before the other one came out. However, like all top-notch French restaurants, impeccable service rendered the mistake to practically nothing. The service:  - waiter apologized many times - brought out assorted fruit plated in a cup by the chef - offered us drinks from the bar on the house - the restaurant manager herself brought out the dish and apologized - the dish was put on the house, cutting our bill in half  Service, service, service. They are AHHHMAZING, polite, speedy, attentive, and friendly. Except for that period of time where our waiter was a bit MIA, everything else was flawless.  I was a bit skeptical about their chicken and waffle, because... chicken and waffles? Thomas Keller? Most popular item on the menu? ...uhh, come again?  I was very happily proven wrong when we ordered it anyways. Chicken is usually too dry and waffles are usually too sweet. This chicken... I don't think I've tasted chicken so flavorful WITHOUT the gravy or waffles so flawlessly textured and flavored... add some of their gravy to your chicken, and some butter and syrup to your waffles... I could die eating this for breakfast, lunch, and dinner every day for the next year.  I got the crab special... I forgot what it was called, but it was a weekend special of crab, macaroni, and cheese, baked and topped with scrambled eggs and black truffle hollandaise sauce (black truffle anything, HOLLA!). I ate every bite even when I was stuffed up to my esophagus because it was that good.  Get their orange juice, by the way. Super fresh and a perfect balance of flavor to your meal. Judging by the flavor of the orange juice, I'd assume their mimosas to be great as well.  Ambience was wonderful. This restaurant is located near the Venetian hotel check in. You take a separate elevator up to a different, more secluded lobby by the pool, and the decor inside the restaurant is classic and has windows that look out to scenery.  Great service, nice ambience, and AMAZING food... I will most definitely be back the next time I'm in Vegas.  Psst... check out Bouchon Bakery downstairs after your brunch and take something to go. You won't regret it!
1061	0	Tao Nightclub deserves this 1 star, but it's also getting 1 start to outweigh the review that my friend posted for a 4 star review.....but he can't count his experience!!!  He had an all expenses paid trip to LV and all drinks were paid for at Tao by Virgin Airlines and not to mention it was on a Wednesday night!!  Seriously!  Tao is COMPLETELY overrated.  The dance floor is tiny, there are columns in the way so you can't even people watch if you are one of the wall flowers, the bartenders (male and female) are REALLY bitchy and the service is terrible.  The millions of buddha faces start to look scarey after awhile and the atmosphere is stuffy.  No me gusta!  Pure is a MILLION times cooler than this place.  I went twice and haven't returned, I'll leave it for the celebrities who are paid to be there or my friends who get free trips to Vegas and free drinks at Tao! ;)
1942	0	This is how I imagine a trendy Chinese restaurant in Helsinki.  White space with massive fish tanks holding hundreds of goldfish (how the hell do they keep the water so clean?) and minimalist touches throughout.  Food however, not so authentic.  The pork buns are better in Beijing (imagine that!); the flat noodle with eggs is tasty, but gooey; and the kung pao chicken is marked as "spicy" on the menu but really isn't.  Thai iced tea is gross in my book, but others love it.    $60 for 2 ppl.  Not worth it.
1497	1	Possibly the best meatball pizza here in Vegas, I would go back just for another slice of it.  Not horrible price wise, but it's not dirt cheap either.  I had a slice of meat lovers pizza and a slice of the mushroom pizza (meh) and a root beer for $11.75, so you can ballpark it from there.  It's awesome quality pizza, with a thin yet crispy crust that actually holds up pretty well.  It's really standing room at counters only, but you can find a few stools to sit on, and it's cool that they have an old school pinball machine and an old video game machine too.
520	1	LOVED this place!! I didn't eat at the restaurant as when we went there was quite a wait so we opted to sit fireside (in the lounge) and order drinks and apps.  First off the hostess and wait staff were friendly and helpful.  Our waitress answered all our questions about drinks and when one of the couples with us ordered the large nachos she recommended the small and boy am I glad she did because the small could easily feed 4-6.  The drinks were well priced and made well.  I opted for the Bloody Mary while the BF got The Scorpion (as seen on TV) - both were mighty tasty.  Our group not only had the nachos but also the BBQ sliders, ribs and the app sampler.  All were made really quick and tasted good.  There was even a photographer who came around and took group pics of us (free of charge).  We showed up around 4pm on a Friday and though the fireside table was reserved at 7pm the waitress politely notified us but didn't pressure us to leave or even move (which we did when more of our party showed up around 6:30pm).  All in all I give this place 5 stars and will be going back next time I'm in Vegas!
518	0	The casino: It has my new favorite slot machine! Deal or No Deal.  There's something about opening up those silver briefcases that really gets your adrenaline going. It's awesome. Other than that, the casino is small and a little too smokey for me.   The restaurant: The service was super slow. It really shouldn't take that long to defrost chicken wings and slap some hot sauce on them. It took at least half an hour for our order to come out and when it did, our food was cold. Maybe it's because the Hooters girls were too busy taking pics with the bachelor party in the corner. The hot wings weren't very good anyway. I've had better ones at El Torito (which isn't saying much).
1294	0	Not sure what happened to this place. I ate here on my previous trip to Vegas in 2006 and the food was decent, but this time, the breakfast buffet was pretty bad. The eggs literally had water sitting in the bottom of the pan and were beyond mushy and some of the other food just didn't look appetizing. We ate here 2 mornings and one morning we got this humongous glass of OJ and the other morning we got a glass of OJ that was meant for a baby...pretty weird and trying to get our servers attention on the 2nd visit for refills was pretty impossible. The highlight of the buffet was the omelette station. You can pretty much customize what you want in it, and is made to order; the wait was only around 5 minutes for one. Honestly, the only reason we ate here 2 mornings was because we had coupons from staying at PH and it was cheaper than the cafe in the hotel. We were pretty selective on our tastings the 2nd trip though.
156	0	What a disappointment! The food at our local hospital cafeteria is so much better! The "prime rib" was steamed. The turkey breast dry. The salads were messy. The sushi rolls tasted "off". And to add insult to injury we were seated in kiddie land. Why? We had no children with us. And we were seated where all the children (I counted 12, with different families/tables, under the age of 5) were going ultra sonic. There were plenty of tables available elsewhere. We pointed this out to the hostess who pointed to a table....2 feet away. Duh. Very annoying experience. This buffet was much better in 2004.
1746	1	We had dinner here at midnight. At that hour, you kind of expect mediocre service and food to kind of just get you by. This was one of the best burgers I've had. I had a turkey burger and it was perfection. At first the fact that it was topped with blueberry compote sounded odd, but it worked so so well. Our truffle fries were fresh and fantastic, and my friends blue cheese burger was great.  A little pricey for a burger from the outset, but keep in mind it goes with Vegas prices, and you're eating GR creations.  Would definitely recommended for any occasion!
1355	0	pretty much horrid.  this is NOT fusion food.  it's basically chinese food juxtaposed with mexican food.  the waiter asked us if we wanted chips and salsa and we said yes, like we would at any other mexican restaurant.  little did we know we'd be paying $4.  poor ger-ger wanted guacamole not having seeing the menu and didn't realize it cost $15!    extra chips?  another $2  shu mai that taste like it came from costco, six little pieces, $14.  what a rip off.  never again.
673	1	Really good burgers. Choose your high quality meat, choose your bun, choose your toppings...add some foie gras.  Wha?  Well if you're into that.  This place has just about everything you could ever want on a burger and gives Hubert Keller the shoe up on the rest of the world famous chefs with restaurants in Mandalay Bay.  His Fleur restaurant is also fantastic.
1009	0	VERY disappointing!! Even after a lot of drinking the hot dogs here sucks!!! First they are expensive as hell and lack flavor. The flavor is going depend on what kind of hotdog you order. The hotdog itself is blan!  GO to Earl of Sandwich, ALSO in planethollywood, you will NOT be disappointed.
561	0	Never have I been so dissatisfied with a dining establishment. The only thing more awful than the food, was my server, Lucy. We waited for 30 minutes to be sat (which I was fine with), THEN we waited about 45 minutes for tacos that tasted like they we're fresh  out of the microwave.  Twice, I had to get up to find my server so I could order drinks & both times she seemed like she was bothered. (Do your job girl, then your customers won't have to). I am usually not a tough critic when it comes to resteraunts, or service but senior frogs deserves ZERO stars. The only reason I am even giving them one star is because there is a nice view of the strip outside. Five thumbs down for seor frogs.
1157	0	Some girlfriends and I spent the weekend of 4/20 in Vegas...which was kinda amazing. But do you know what lacked amazingness? This place!  My friend REALLY wanted to go here because she has some kind of "foodie crush" on the dude that opened the place. Or the head chef. Or someone important like that. We all assumed it was going to be a Mexican/Chinese fusion- but the two sides of the menu (and the dishes) are completely separate.  While the atmosphere, and the idea, are both super fun, the place lacks execution. I was not a fan of my soup, and while my lemon shrimp were bomb in flavor, they didn't sit well later!  With so many culinary gems in the city of sin, I suggest you indulge elsewhere!
611	0	Ate here last night and I must say IT IS EXPENSIVE.  Three people costs 97.00 with tax.  We ordered 3 beers and that was an additional $14.  The food quality was ok but nothing that I would say separates MGM Grand buffet from a circus circus buffet - honestly, you are better off going down the strip to eat not sure if it's that no one is gambling and they have to raise the prices or if it's just a matter of them pricing it high because they think they can.  Staff was nice and the deserts were ok - the rest was sub par, the meat selections were minimal and the seafood selection was a joke
68	1	04/10/2014:  This place is a must for Thai food lovers visiting Vegas. It is a bit off the strip, but, worth the drive. And you'll likely have to wait a while unless you were lucky to get through ahead of time to make a reservation. The cab drivers will also vouch for the popularity and demand of this place.   We had the usual Pad Thai and Papaya Salad for appetizers. The grilled shrimp, green, red, and yellow curries are all good. The squid salad is excellent. The basil and garlic eggplant dish is excellent. You can substitute green beans if you're not a fan of eggplant. If you like your food spicy and your guests do not, make sure to ask for the fish sauce and fresh Thai bird chillies. That gives it a nice kick. Just be careful, it can make a grown man cry. One if our guests tried some and had tears run down his face as he grabbed for the Chang beer.   Chang beer is the best pairing for Thai food - IMHO. They have a huge wine cellar and it sure looks impressive behind the glass room. However, I just can't seem to muster up the taste buds to pair this amazing Thai food with wine.   I have been to this restaurant several times before. Finally making the time to recognize this place for the fine food it produces. I've turned a few business clients on to this place. They are hooked too. Always a must for me when in Vegas. Some reviewers describe this place as the best Thai food in the US, it's hard to argue with them.
1415	0	My party of 3 waited about 15 minutes before we were seated on the patio on a Friday evening. We ordered a large pot of tea, Frozen Hot Chocolate, and Bread pudding to share. From my point of view, I noticed that this location is not well kept. You can definitely see the wear/tear of the restaurant. It felt dirty out on the patio and I would have preferred to be seated inside, as I noticed random patrons taking seats in the patio area. The desserts came 15 minutes later and we noticed that the bread pudding probably sat in the window for a while. That is, our topping of ice cream was completely melted by the time it reached the table.  Service was non-exisitent as well as the waiter hardly came by to check on us.   Overall, I was let down by Serendipity. The dessert are overpriced and I felt that slow service attributed my poor experience. Perhaps, the New York location may be able to redeem my perception of this chain someday.
1332	0	Ewww... so many buffets in Vegas... go somewhere else. Not good service and it's not clean. Also, if you are not part of VIP club, they will seat you on the other side where it's not close to buffet and in front of garbage and dirty dishes. Not so Vegas... just go somewhere else. Don't waste your money and time here.
1884	0	We stayed at MGM for the weekend, and didn't have a plan for Saturday brunch. Despite the mixed reviews, we really wanted to do a cheesy Vegas brunch buffet.  The good: We had fantastic service at this buffet! Our waiter was really attentive, and kept the mimosas flowing! He even sent us each home with a "coffee" cup to go filled to the brim with the good stuff :)  The bad:  Long line to get in. Bonus was that we played the $.05 slots and turned $5 into $20 -  enough to cover just over 1/2 of 1 person's breakfast (yes, you read that correctly). Once you pay at the front, you are put into a second line that is divided by table size (1-4pax, 5-9 pax, etc). We were only a group of 3, and the 1-4 line moved fairly quickly. Still took about 20 minutes from arrival to sitting down, despite lots of tables being open inside.  The ugly:  The price for quality of food. You almost can't find a brunch buffet for less than $35, and MGM definitely came in just shy of that. Still ridiculously expensive, but everything is on the strip! The quality of the food, however, was really poor and definitely not worth the money. Powdered eggs, microwaved bacon, soggy sushi, guacamole from a pouch....I could go on but I think you get the idea. While there is a huge variety of food to choose from, none of it was very good.   Wish we'd skipped it.
135	0	Was craving a frozen hot chocolate all week long prior to going to Vegas, so I walked down here after doing a bit of shopping at the Forum shops. Seeing as how I was ONLY gonna get a frozen hot chocolate, I went to the line outside and thought, oh, this is going to move fast cuz there's only 4 people in front of me.   Waiting  Waiting  Waiting  Waiting  20 min later, I finally get to the front of the line. SLOWEST MOVING LINE EVER! Why do they not have more people working here when the line moves at the speed of molasses. My grandma can do cartwheels faster.   Anywhoo, after paying a ridiculous $10 and waiting over 20 min, i finally had my meh frozen hot chocolate. Wasn't as good as the first time I had it. I feel sorry for the people who were waiting behind me in the growing line.
550	1	The people are right!  The food is fantastic and the coffee is great.  Strong and not for the light hearted. I asked about the chicken and waffles but was told the chicken Benedict was the most popular dish so I ordered it.  It can easily feed two and maybe even three people.  Everything was delicious and the portions are obscenely huge.   The wait was worth it although we heard the closer to 9am the more likely you'll get seated quickly. We arrived in Sunday at 11am and had to wait 30 minutes.
1837	1	Every good thing you've heard and read about LOS is true.  I am back from my latest jaunt to Viva and finally had a chance to dine at LOS.  We went during lunch.  At first I wanted to try the buffet, but thought better of trying the authentic Thai that I've always wanted to try.  Besides, the buffet had limited traditional dishes that I could get at Panda Express.  No, I wanted the real deal.  And I got it.  To start, we had the Beef Satay.  The peanut sauce was awesome, a bit spicy and flavorful.  The cucumber salad was crunchy and fresh.  Then the spicy chicken wings.  Why?  Why can I never make these at home?  The sweet-spicy garlic chile sauce was great and the wing itself was crunchy and hot.  Just like it is supposed to be.  I could have made a meal from that alone.  On to the entrees:  MEE KROB RAD NA-Crispy egg noodle topped with straw mushroom, vegetable and gravy. I had it with chicken and it was so good.  even when I pushed it aside, I was still eating from the bowl.  MOO YANG-Marinated charbroiled pork, served with spicy sauce.  Without the spicy sauce, it was a star.  With the sauce, it rang out with high notes.  The service was attentive and warm.  I absolutely enjoyed the experience and will return.  Don't let the area deter you from this gem.
311	1	If you are looking for an authentic French experience, this is it.  We ate here for breakfast and it was like I was sitting in a cafe in Paris.  All the details (artisan baguette, mustard on the table, serving pitchers) made it feel very French.  Rosemary was our server and she was wonderful!
297	1	Adam Richman I have to thank u for telling us about this spot it was the best breakfast I've had in my life. Like u said on Ur show the food is mmm my goodness mmm my goodness. A group of us came here to try this place cause we heard great things about it. It was pack on Saturday and we waited for about 45 Min's and we were starving so we couldn't wait to eat. The drinks are good My OJ was fresh u can taste that they just made it and my cousin had the watermelon kiwi it was sweet but good.   The food took about 25 Min's but they tell u that on the menu because they cook everything fresh so a Lil wait won't hurt. I got the MVF special which is the Andy sage chicken and omg that bad boy was da bomb. I thought the chipotle sauce may ruined it but no it made it better and the griddle mash on the bottom so freaking delicious they kept picking at it. It is a big portion but if u love to eat then get it. My cousin got the Chicken and waffles and since I live in L.A we have Roscoe's and they known for the waffles and chicken. My cousin said wtf is that bacon inside my waffle F***ing hell ya. The plate looks like a freaking sky scrapper when it comes out he said it was the best chicken and waffles he ever had but I still like Roscoe's but the best fried chicken is at HHGG IMO.   My cousin In law got the tractor farm with the banana Cinnamon french toast and holy cow that toast had to be 3 inches thick it was ridiculously but I had a bite and it sent me to the moon it was that good. Overall we paid 63 bucks for 3 people which is cheaper then the buffet and I was the only one to finish my meal. Place is kool portions are big the staff is friendly but the wait sucks but 5 stars all the way.
1446	1	Really accessible from the strip, perhaps a 10 minute ride. Busy during lunch times so remember to come early! Format is very similar to gyukaku except the grill is the Korean BBQ grill.   Ordered the Gangnam set for 4 when there were five of us girls - more than enough food! Came with miso soup, sweet corn, oysters, shishito peppers, mushroom medley, bibimbaps, and a crap ton of meat!!! Everything was really tasty, definitely a good cure for a long weekend out in Vegas!  Service is also awesome :)!
1773	1	This is a must go to place! The food is great! But be sure to either make reservations or come early, there is always a wait! Compared to other Thai restaurant in Las Vegas, dishes here are very different and varieties of different parts of Thailand.  Must try- Garlic prawns
412	0	Positives: Smoke free section of the casino Beds are really comfortable Monorail station at hotel  Ok now for the review. So we are in town for a convention and wanted to stay a few days extra to enjoy Vegas. Decided to book a few nights at LVH because there was a deal I couldn't pass up on a travel site. So we check in and I ask about an upgrade to a room with a refrigerator and was told that there was the newly updated rooms for $20 extra a night with all these extra features like in room coffee and the requested refrigerator. Then in looking at the site there is not much difference in the $10 extra and $20 extra a night. In room coffee maker, yeah my morning caffeine. Until I pick up the cup and read the lid.... $3.50 per cup used. I can get a venti coffee at Starbucks cheaper. Even the room service coffee was a better deal at 2 cups for $5.75. $18 a day resort fee and I have to pay $3.50 a cup of coffee and can only connect one device to the wifi connection. While I am not a big fan of resort fees, usually don't complain too much when I have coffee, wifi, newspaper, gym etc.However,  the resort fee here doesn't cover much and only seems to be an additional fee to increase their bottom line. Now even with the fee, It was a better price than the other hotels with a price of $38 a night for a Thursday and Friday night with major conventions in town. That being said I don't think I will be staying here again. I am in Vegas twice a year at least for work and think I will stick with the hotels I know and have stayed at many times in the past.
547	1	I returned again.  This time for breakfast.  The hostess was a turn off upon my check in.  The dark hair hostess was stone face and unwelcoming at guest arrival.  Poor attitude! Once seated, all services are back to normal.  My waiter is very informative and won't give in until I hear him out of all options.  I went with his recommendation at the end.  It was the right decision.  You will not go wrong with the bakery plate ($13 for four selections).  The sticky bun is a must have.  The rest are all awesome.  Get more downstairs at the bakery for to go.  My corn beef hash was meaty and not oily.  My soft broiled eggs were made perfectly.  Skilled!  However, the coffee is was little weak and lack of flavor for such a strong restaurant.  All in all, I am pleased with my breakfast at my favorite LV restaurant.
246	1	We are non locals; came here for Happy hour and we stuffed our faces for $36 total. Totally worth it.  Food:  Pork belly- flavorless Bulgogi-good Spicy Pork-awesome Complimentary side dishes lacked freshness. Environment: Clean and modern Service: Dave was an awesome server! We kept ordering more and he was friendly and patient with us.
1298	1	My girlfriend and I were really intrigued by this place because we're big fans of GR's tv shows and just the overall hype on his cooking history. This is probably the most excited we've been entering a restaurant. We expected top notch food and we got exactly that! Best onion rings ever and the burgers were insane; they had a very unprecedented flavor. We are definitely going back when we are able. 100% satisfied. From the atmosphere, to service, to the food... everything was what we expected and more. Burgr is fantastic and you should really try it. Freakin sensational.
12	0	"You get what you pay for"  If only that were the truth.  Let's see....  We got there and: 1) The elevator from the parking structure is out - so we hoof it from the 4th floor all the way to reception with our bags in tow.    2)We got booked into a smoking room when we specifically asked for a non-smoking room  3)We got transferred to a non-smoking room (after a few hours) with a view of the Airport.... well, there would have been a view if the windows weren't so damned grimy  4)Uncomfortable Bed  5)Tube TV that kept cutting out every few minutes, which wouldn't have been bad on its own, but the batteries on the remote were dead.. HAH!  Okay, at 25 bucks a night, I might have agreed that we got what we paid for and it might have been a So-so 2.5 to three stars.  MAYBE.  But when you tack on an additional UNDISCLOSED $15/day "Resort Fee"  (What resort? it was 40 freakin Degrees out!), No Wi-Fi AND $15/day wired internet fee??  ....  Umm... Yeah ... 1.5 stars and I'm not even going to round it up to two.   PROTIP: Hooters appears to be where failed Import model wannabes with bad boob jobs go to die. - Enjoy.
1055	0	Cafeteria style food. To say it was mediocre would be a compliment. Hands down, the worst buffet experience I've ever had. You're in Vegas! There's lots of good places to eat - avoid this place. You're better off eating at the food court in the Luxor.  If you actually enjoyed the food and selection here and thought it was actually good, you should get your taste buds examined. Seriously.
996	0	The sports book and buffet here are great and gambling is cheap during the morning but I will never stay here again... first they charge you 20 dollar a day resort fee THEN if you want to use the weight room you have to pay ANOTHER 20 DOLLARS A DAY!!!! sorry but no other hotel has ever charged 2 resort fees for two different gym AT THE SAME HOTEL!!!! lvh love your sports book but ill never stay here again the rooms are ok but I can pay a cheaper resort fee and hotel rate else where and it will be better
1664	1	Nice Resturant in Ventitian.  staying in venitian and looking for a good place for brunch so gave this plae a try.  and were happy with our choice. I ordered egg benedit with smoked salmon and of course french toast :) and love it.  coffee was good, service is good also. much better choice for brunch than the buffet in vegas.  it has a nice ambience as well.  if I stay in venetian that is the place for brunch for sure .  haven't tried their dinner, but I am sure it sholdbe good as well. next time :)
1485	0	Hungry to the point where our stomachs were starting to ingest themselves, a few friends and I stopped into I Love Burgers for an early dinner. We were greeted by a super friendly hostess that quickly seated us and gave us menus to peruse. I noticed that each burger was priced around $15 and didn't include any sides, which struck me as being a bit odd. No matter. After a few minutes browsing their delicious-looking options, I ordered the Standard with Pepper Jack cheese and mushrooms, as well as a side of Parmesan fries. I figured $6 for a side of fries was pretty steep, but just having entered the US mere hours earlier I had a hankering for the classic all-American meal, so I ponied up the extra cash. My friends must have thought the same thing, as we were all giddy with excitement for our meals.  Not long after, our waitress brought out our (massive!) dinners. It doesn't say this on their menu, but a "side" of fries is actually an entire basket. Had we known, my friends and I would have easily split them, so take note! As for the food itself, the burger was tasty, although not $15 tasty. As for the fries, they were a bit too thinly sliced for my taste, but that's just me.  I know what you're thinking: "Sarah, you're giving them only two stars, so there must be more to the story. Out with the juicy details!" Alright, alright. I just needed to write this preamble to collect myself. Brace yourselves...  When I went to the women's washroom, there was no soap in the dispenser. Gross, yeah, but it happens from time to time. What made me feel REALLY grossed out was that the staff use the same bathrooms as the customers, so how could they not notice the soap was out, unless...? No! I don't even want to entertain that thought. Of COURSE food service workers wash their hands after using the restroom, right? RIGHT?
1546	1	Boyfriend and I came here on a whim.  It was our first day on our Vegas Vacation, and we came in hungry.  We both love burgers, and we were staying in the Luxor.  As Luxor is connected to Mandalay Bay, Burger bar was close.  Absolutely delicious.  I made my own burger and my boyfriend got the buffalo burger.  We were both blown away.  Serious deliciousness.  The service was also prompt.  We came in for lunch, so I don't know if the dinner crowd and service may be different, but our experience was quick, friendly, and hands down delicious.  We will definitely be back.  YAY for BURGER BAR!!
1378	1	Great HUGE food - Awesome Bloody Mary - Good service.  Had the Sage Fried Chicken.  We had to laugh when it came to the table...  It was a huge stack of waffles (with bacon sticking out around the edges) & fried chicken with a long steak knife holding it all together.  It had to have been a least a foot tall. The hot maple caramel reduction was very tasty and worked surprisingly well with the crispy fried leaks.  Make sure to come hungry and plan to share!
411	1	$5.50 for a slice is about expected, Vegas (esp the Cosmo!!) definitely isn't a cheap place to eat, but the crust was nicely made and it definitely hit the spot. $17~ for two slices and two bottles of water, but there was no line when we showed up and the pizza was very good!
348	1	I wished this place existed when I attended UNLV. This place carries a lot of value with the amount of different (yet satisfying) portions/packages that even a poor college student can afford.  My friend and I got the most basic Las Vegas package since we're hungry but obviously not capable of eating a feast by ourselves. It was $45/person and the amount of food cannot be more fulfilling. You get the tradition side dishes + a house salad, along with rice, sauces and miso soup to go along with your proteins that includes beef, spicy chicken, garlic shrimp and pork.  You are however required to cook things yourself comparing to places like Honey Pig when a server would occasionally stop by and manage your food. The place wasn't busy at the time we were dining so the servers volunteered to rotate our proteins for us as we were engaged in a deep conversation catching up on life- What a nice touch.   The ambiance of this place is on the smaller size but comfortable at the least. The service was friendly and attentive and most importantly, the food was amazing for the price that you're paying. I wasn't sure if it was Happy Hour when we dined but when we received our tab, it only came out to be $55. A lot less from what I was expected to pay (hey I'm not complaining) but regardless of it being a mistake or not, I'll happily return.
202	0	We decided to try Treasure Island buffet as we had received a complimentary coupon from the hotel. I was famished when we arrived, and still, the food was just about inedible. Meats tasted frozen and had very cheap, been sitting around under the heating lamps  for ages, quality to them. We found a hair on our plate. The only redeeming quality, hence two stars and not one, was the dessert bar where the items were not completely horrid and inedible. Staff was pleasant enough. Will likely never come back - free coupons or not. Stay away if you prefer food that tastes fresh and edible.
266	1	This wasn't on my to-do list, nor did i know of it from Rachael ray  or man vs food. Searching yelp one morning and looking for something else besides hash house and denny's / ihop / buffet i came across this.  And wow.  This place feels homey. Decor is really cool with western american style wooden tables and chairs that didn't come off too tacky . Plus outdoor seating and this place is slammed on a Friday morning? Must be a good place.   Looking through the menu, my eyes caught a special that was simply prefect. Chocolate pumpkin pancakes. The waitress kept talking them up after i ordered so i was excited but gave a negative vibe to my friend, making him feel like his dish wasn't as good ( he ordered the Mexican style omelet ). Coffee here comes in a carafe making the experience pretty top notch as coffee goes quick in my breakfast meals and i always feel like i am always trying to get more refilled.  The pumpkin chocolate mix in my pancakes was awesome and hands down the best breakfast i had in Vegas. The egg's here are epic. One side order came with a lot of bacon which looked lost in the eggs. The eggs and bacon were a course of their own.   Tried a little of the Mexican omelet it was good too.  Honestly for the cost of the meal and added experience it was a honestly my favorite breakfast throughout whole  trip. Next year I am going to come at least twice when i visit.
1665	1	Excellent Korean BBQ!    In fact, the best I've ever had--and I've had quite a bit all over the US and Asia.  First off, the location is convenient and not too far off the strip right across from the Hard Rock Hotel.    The strip mall. It's in is clean and the interior of the restaurant is modern and tastefully decorated--and again; CLEAN.  It is open until 1 am and we arrived about 11:45 pm.  Although it was late and near closing, we still received excellent and friendly service without ever feeling like being rushed.  We ordered the most popular meal package: The Gangnam which came with a variety of meat cuts and marinades, rice bimibap and assorted dishes like Kim chee and what have you.  They also brought out fresh oysters as well as steamed mushrooms.  Again, everything was super fresh and absolutely delicious!  Highly recommended!
1409	1	Definitely the place to enjoy late night food after clubbing at Marquee. The wait can be long and there isn't a readily available menu to see the pizza selections. The pinball and arcade games give it a vintage feel. The pizzas are similar to NY style pizza with large slices. Can't go wrong with the mushroom and cheese pizza. The pepperoni and sausage pizza was also delicious. FYI - The slices are about $7.50 each. Overall, a great place to sober up and enjoy late night food.
972	1	I went here with high hopes and was not in the slightest bit disappointed. The waitstaff was very helpful and polite. Our waiter brought by a cart of meat to show us the cuts and explained them to us. We were started with a variety of breads served with smoked salt butter. They were terrific. I ordered the filet and it was great. I've been to other steakhouses and this was to die for. Had haricot vert on the side. It was tempura fried but a little greasy. Probably wouldn't order it again, but it wasn't terrible. Also had the creamed spinach on the side which was pretty good. I almost died and went to heaven when I was served dessert. I ordered the sticky toffee pudding and it was the best thing I've EVER eaten. I would go back a million times just to eat this dessert!!! I left here stuffed full but wanting to eat more! Will definitely go back in the future.
780	1	I got offered over an hour wait at a restaurant upstairs, heard this spot was a nice place to grab a quick meal, but still has a 30+ minute wait. I wanted to at least get some cosmo experience, so I ponied up to the bar here. Despite the business, A Daisy Dukes put on a good show when it came to pouring my drinks and helping me with the menu. The 'BFG' as she put it=DANK. Lamb burgers are definitely my new flavor.
108	1	We're from Los Angeles - on vacation. The wait wasn't as long as we had expected - but a much longer wait would've been worth it! Liza was super attentive, friendly, & warm. We highly recommend this place to anyone in Las Vegas area. We had Mimosas, stuffed French Toast, & the Works Chili Skillet; simply the best!!!
500	0	I have several bones to pick with this place.  1) The cashier really talked up the fact that you get free beer and wine with dinner.  Yeah, there are TWO wine choices and just ONE beer. 2) When I did get my beer (which happened to be a Bud Light), the guy at the drink station said that he didn't have limes but that I should ask my server.  I asked my server and the entire buffet did not stock limes.  WHAT KIND OF RESTAURANT DOESN'T HAVE LIMES??? 3) There was a Mexican food station and I got some taquitos (which ended up being crunchy but bland).  I ask the chef behind the neighboring station if they had sour cream or guacamole.  He looked at me as if I had asked him the meaning of life.  He had to call 2 other chefs over to confirm that no, they did not have guacamole (bummer!) and that the sour cream was likely in the salad bar. 4) I asked the lady at the dessert station if she could point me toward some desserts without nuts.  The only ones she pointed to were the sugar free ones.  At the time she was plating some type of chocolate cake and she held one piece of to her face and said "This one probably doesn't have nuts either."  And then she went about her business.  I am so sick of people not finding out for sure or just brushing off the question. I don't ask for fun...I ask because I will literally stop breathing and die if I eat nuts.  They did have some killer garlic mashed potatoes, so it's got that going for it.  Honestly, I love food and I am not that picky, but this place was just not good at all.  Just don't go here.
831	1	Can be tricky to find if you don't know Vegas really well, since it's in the walkway *between* Mandalay Bay and the Luxor. It's worth it. Follow your nose to the Lush bath products store across the hall.  On its face, it seems pretty straightforward: decent bar, burger joint, TVs in the booths showing some sport or other. It goes deeper. Start with the beer list - great selection, large draft list and truly wonderful bottle list. I've had award winning Canadian beers here that I can't even get in Canada. If you've never had a Unibroue beer from Quebec, I recommend the Unibroue 17.  The menu, too, goes deeper. Not just burgers. Grain fed or naturally raised beef? Wagyu, maybe? You are spoiled for choice, but if that intimidates, they have several reasonable pre-defined burgers to choose from or riff on.  I'm the guy who brought Melissa Y. (below) here on her birthday, making lots of noise about the $60 burger. Kobe beef, foie gras, 1/3oz of shaved black truffle on an onion roll. The Rossini, they call it. We each had one, and they were great. Better than great - putting black truffle on a burger is something I haven't done before or since (except on return trips here) and it is some inspired eats, my friend. You would not do badly to spend some blackjack winnings on that little masterpiece.  BUT. I'm going to tell you something important here, so listen good: you can do better. You can make a thing more pure and more perfect. You can reach the Platonic ideal of burger in this place, and reaching Platonic ideals isn't a thing we get to do very often in our lives. Are you ready? Then let's begin.  Ditch the foie - it adds richness where none is required, and the richness it adds is lost in the strong flavours. Ditch the kobe, too. Kobe is either getting you beautiful texture (not irrelevant in ground meat, but certainly *less* so than with steak cuts) or beautiful flavour, but the naturally raised beef has that in spades. Ditch the onion bun as well, if you want my opinion. I like onions plenty, but baked into a roll they lose some of their fire and even if the result is still tasty, you're missing the opportunity to go for their Ciabatta (great texture, nice yeasty flavour, works with the beer) or their Sesame (a classic, done well).  Okay, so now: Keep the black truffles (KEEP THE BLACK TRUFFLES), but maybe get your cheese on, and add some pepper bacon or a fried egg. Congratulations, champ, you've got yourself a burger that adds no pretense, that gilds no lilies, but which explodes with flavour you didn't think a burger could have. This is it, this is the burger you've been waiting for.  I'm proud of you, soldier.
1994	0	Why oh why didn't I check the yelp reviews first?  Oh that's right, because I didn't dare risk using anything wireless during hacker conferences.  I hope you don't either.  But I digress.  Definitely watch the flashy handmade noodle show, both stretched and sliced off of a big brick of dough.  They looked appealing but tasted super bland, no matter what sauce or soup they put it in (we tried the beijing pork and black bean sauce specialty and the wonton noodle soup.)  I also got the taro boba (tapioca drink) and it had huge chunks of ice and was more vanilla tasting than taro.  I'm not hating on this place because it's "Americanized," I couldn't care less if it's not what people in Beijing eat.  All I care about is it TASTING GOOD.  Bleh.
714	0	This review is for the casino only, and after hanging out there for a couple hours, I probably would not consider getting a room here, even if it was free. I'm the kind of person that doesn't mind paying a little more for service, or at least some personality.   I dropped my money off at the blackjack tables, and the roullete table, and of the six or seven different dealers that ran them, NOT ONE was polite, funny or even smiling. If you're gonna take my money, at least give me a smile. Smiles are free at McDonalds, and they have a dollar menu. The last table I played, the Roullete dealer barked at me for picking up my chips too soon, and gave me a look that made me want to knock his nose in. The waitress that was taking drinks at first did not want to give me a drink because I wasn't seated, and when I showed her my stack of chips on the table, she rolled her eyes back and said, "well whadda ya want then?" Don't these people work on tips? Yeah, stay the hell away from this place.
1932	0	SLOT WINNINGS TO BUY BREAKFAST   On Thursday night, which was my final night at Vegas, I won $574 in a slot machine at Flamingo. I wasn't planning to have breakfast the following day when I checked out. However I decided to get breakfast for the following reasons: 1) I got a coupon for $5 off for breakfast as a Total Rewards Member 2) Instead of gambling I still can get points by eating here.  After the first plate I lost my appetite. Here's why. The first plate included scrambled eggs. I like my scrambled eggs wet but something was wrong with these eggs. They left a bad taste in my mouth and stomach. Gordon Ramsay said he could tell if a person can cook well if it knows how to cook scrambled eggs. Well someone should've vetted the person or people who cooked theses scrambled eggs. I ended only have three plates of dishes because of the scrambled eggs. The rest of the items were pretty good like ham, sausages, hash brown, and blue berry pancakes. But I always felt to determine how good a breakfast buffet is by how well cooked are the scrambled eggs.   My advice is if you won big money from the slot machine I suggest skip this place and treat yourself to a higher quality restaurant.
764	1	Muslims have Mecca. Surfers have the North Shore. Hillbillys have NASCAR tracks. Everyone has their own personal Holy Land. Mine is Hash House A Go Go.   I started writing yelp reviews because I love breakfast. Now that I have been to Hash House A Go Go I might weep like Alexander the Great because there are no more worthy breakfast places to conquer.  We arrived to a packed house on a thursday mid morning to a packed house. It is always busy. We sat at the bar and introduced ourselves to Randy the bartender, who was cool as hell. While he was super busy, he didn't give a hurry up vibe.   My buddy Bear, (who has eaten Sayler's 72oz steak and fixings, making him my personal hero) stated he was hungry and order the fried chix eggs benedict and an additional waffle. Randy asked him if he was sure because that was going to be a lot of food.  Bear said 'I'm hungry".  Randy said "If you finish it all I will buy the waffle"  Line in the sand drawn, challenge accepted.   The fried chick benny is awesome. Fried cheese. Biscuits. Mashed taters. Eggs. Something green. Heaven. I couldn't finish mine.  One of the guys, Steve, had the most delecious smelling and looking plates of french toast I have ever witnessed complete with fried bananas on top. Indeed it was the Best French Toast Ever because we went back the next morning and I had it.   Back to the Challenge. Bear gave it it a mighty attempt, eventually mixing all the waffle and benedict together and shoveling it in. In the end the waffle got the better of him. Randy said it is the farthest he has seen someone get. He asked Bear who should take the ticket for the Waffle. Like a trooper Bear said "Right here. I couldn't do it"  I think Randy appreciated Bear's stand and bought the waffle anyway. It was awesome.    If you go to Las Vegas, get off the strip and try this place. I am looking for a vacation condo near it, so I can live near the Holy Land.
957	1	This was by far the best burger I've ever had!!! I ordered the Rising Sun Burger and the meat was SOOO moist!  I loved the teriyaki glaze, tempura avocado, and yam crisps.  Such an interesting and unique blend of flavors.  My boyfriend got the Campfire S'more Bam-Boozled Shake which was delicious and the Gold Standard Burger.  The burger was smokey and rich and the aged goat cheddar cheese, bacon and arugula brought it all together.    Holsteins will surely become our go-to amazing meal spot in Vegas.  SOOOOOOO good!  Why does it have to be so far away?
544	0	Wow.  Wish I had checked Yelp before eating here.  The place is kinda neat looking - bunch of little goldfish, some of which swim upside down (for fun??)  Food is terrible.  Don't be fooled by the cheong-sam dressed Asians they have at the front.  Actually, that should have been a warning sign.  It being a "Chinese restaurant" in Caesar's should have been warning enough.  The place advertises itself as "authentic" hand-pulled noodles.  Yes, it's noodles.  And NO, it ain't authentic.  Supposedly their "best-seller" was the hand pulled noodles with shrimp/pork wontons.    The noodles were the WORST I have had in a long time.  Soggy, sad, thin little things with no texture.  Wontons were nothing to write home about.  Soup was on par with Cup O Noodles broth.  A relatively small bowl of -- blah -- for:                                          ****   $17.00  ****  Tip: DON'T GO.  Or, if you must go, don't expect authentic food.  (ps - the one star is for the cute fish!)
1271	1	This place continues to be AWESOME.  We went with some friends and the food is amazing, the service is amazing and the drinks, WOW....  But I can also say this for the burgers, the sweet potato fries, everything here is amazing.  It is a little more pricey then your normal burger joint, BUT THIS IS NOT A NORMAL BURGER JOINT.  This is a place with QUALITY food and service.  If you have not been then you don't know what you are missing.  You can get a make your own burger the way you like it for about $15-$17 but it is worth every cent.  If you are looking for a cheap burger place then you will get what you pay for, but if you want a place that is QUALITY through and through, then this is a place for you.    They do get crowded and they do not take reservations, however you can call 30 minutes before you go and have your name put on the list so when you arrive you only have about a 5 minute wait instead of just showing up and waiting a long time.
292	0	One of the worst Westins I've stayed in. Rooms were noisy, dirty (bathroom floor), mold and mildew in shower, cigarette burns on carpet (non smoking floor). No flat screen TVs. Small rooms. About the only good thing I can say about this hotel is that the location is decent and they have great beds/linen.
926	1	Came here to eat some Korean food and I was just blown away by how good it was. We ordered many different types of meat and all of them were very tender and good. This place uses real good quality meat.   Another awesome thing about this place is the service. The staff here are A+++++ when it comes to service. Jin was awesome in giving us the best service possible.   I am definitely coming here everytime i come to vegas.
1645	0	From far away, this restaurant looks like it could be a fun place to grab a bite to eat. We were wrong, it is overpriced and has terrible food. We arrived and were seated right away outside on the patio, the windows were covered with dust and who knows what else. Although we were outside we had to scream to hear each other.  We ordered drinks and an appetizer of Chips and Salsa ($5!!) which were ok. It took about 30 minutes to receive them. I ordered a chimichanga and my girlfriend ordered a taco salad -- after a while it finally came. My chimichanga came soggy, and the plate was a mess, it looked as if they had spilled onto it. In fact, there was a french fry underneath the chimichanga. The rice was hard like it had been reheated and the overall taste was horrible. My girlfriends salad looked great but tasted like nothing, and the waitress who never returned also did not bring dressing. We left severely disappointed after paying a whopping $51 for a terrible meal and mediocre service.
442	0	The one downside to our Vegas trip....Hooters Casino/Hotel/shithole.  Okay, I admittedly like Hooters, and given the pricing and the fact that everyone coming from out of town for our best friends wedding was staying here we thought, why not?  oh boy, where do I start....the restaurant. We met everyone here the first night we got in.  I have eaten at Hooters before and have ALWAYS had good service, maybe I'm spoiled. The girls always smile, sit, etc....forget it here. The service sucks big time...she seemed bothered by us, which made us all want to agitate her more.  I must have asked for our drinks three times before i went up and got them myself (she was too busy chatting with another lame waitress and therefore to busy to actually wait on people) LAMMMMMMEEEE Food arrived and it was so-so, nothing like what we have eaten at the Dublin Hooters.   Rooms: shitty, period.  The bathrooms sucked and were so old and outdated, it was comical. didnt smell like smoke, which was the only plus.  I am never staying here again, even if it was offered for free LOL
433	1	My boyfriend and I have been here more than a few times here. We usually come here after work at night time. Always had a good experience and have nothing to complain. The food is always good. We love their Honey Bread the most for the dessert. The bbq grill options has good amount to share as well and very flavorful. The servers are nice as well. We definitely recommend this place.
1532	1	I can easily say this is best burger and shake place I have ever ate...  Please do yourself a favor if find yourself here... eat the buffalo burger!  Wow just heaven! It literally melts in your mouth. The meat is so tender, juicy and out of this world furthermore there shake will leave you in nirvana.  Last time I was there I had the pink monkey... Good times! It is my vegas tradition to go here at least once and its usual the first place I want to eat at.
397	0	Okay, so I have heard really great and raging reviews of this place and was really hyped to check it out for the first time! I came here with a friend who's been here a numerous amounts of times.  The decor and ambiance of this place was actually fantastic. It reminded me of the bubblegum candy land and a little bit of sexy hip at the same time.   The wait was about 25minutes, not bad for dinner on a weekday, and we were seated promptly inside with a view of the strip. That night we saw Penn & Teller eating dinner on the outside balcony, poor guys couldn't even enjoy their night being bothered by tourists and fans, let the men eat!! **My little highlight for the night!**  For dinner I ordered the Salmon Caesar Salad with homemade Garlic Parmesan Croutons that cost almost close to $20 (but it was a huge mixing  bowl portion) While the size might have given you your money's worth, the fish was too fishy and half cooked, the lettuce was drowning in a mayonnaise based Caesar dressing so It was soggy. The only good thing was the Garlic bread/over sized croutons. The disappointment of my night.   After my not-so-appetizing dinner, i was sort of looking forward to a dessert called the Frozen Hot Chocolate, but didn't get the chance to because they ran out of ingredients, so they suggested the hot chocolate sundae. What? isn't it chocolate and ice that you need to make this dessert? Ugh So we opted for the Strawberry Fields Sundae, cheesecake, strawberry ice cream, strawberry topping with whipped cream all for $15.00!!! SERIOUSLY? There was two scoops of ice cream on the bottom of a goblet topped with strawberry compote and LOADS of whip cream. Really is that necessary?   In the end, I made a note to myself that I will never come here again, nor will I suggest this place to anybody. Chili's or Apple-bees in my opinion makes better quality foods at a decent-not-so-overrated price!   Never again.
1208	0	Open late for those who are looking for a bite to eat after a rachet night at Marquee but don't go out of your way to come here. It's not a very authentic Chinese restaurant but their Mexican cuisine might be better. We sat for 15 minutes before the server even came by and the restaurant was pretty empty. I tried the fried dumpling which was alright. It was fried like a crab Rangoon, with thick dumpling skin. The swallow a cloud noodle is just Hong Kong style wonton noodle soup. It has egg noodles, bok choy and wontons. The noodles were fine but no taste, the broth was bland, the wontons were mediocre. When pigs fly is a braised pork stuff steamed bun. The filling is sweet but decent. The rou jia mo sandwich is a more traditional dish that I was looking forward to. It's also a braised pork filling in a toasted bun shell but I was Sadly disappointed. The filling was so salty that it didn't even taste good. Not what I was expecting.
1044	1	One of the chefs I worked fro recommended this place to me when I visited Vegas. This place is just amazing! I'm not a huge fan of burgers but this burger joint is awesome! I love the fact that you can design your burger. The sweet potato are also great. You will not regret coming here!
752	1	We had a wonderful brunch at Bouchon! Tao and Alberto were our servers and they were both incredible...attentive and very nice! I had the 3 egg omelet which was delicious. My mom had the quiche and she said it was excellent. My sister had the banana waffle and it was amazing too! It was my mom's birthday and Tao treated us to their lemon tarte complete with a candle on top! I don't care for lemon desserts but I'll admit I really enjoyed this one!
1969	1	Don't let the look from outside fool you. It looks much better inside. Apart from the tiny entrance, this place is actually huge and clean. Food quality is  great, however it come in small quantities compare to other Thai restaurants. Thai Ice Tea and Ice Coffee also great, too.
1695	1	Love this place! The atmosphere is great, love the decor. The BBQ at the table is so fun! All the food they bring out is really fresh and they give you lots of sides and sauces to mix it all with. Really great place for a date or going with friends. It's fun and interactive and the food is delicious! Can't wait to come back!!
663	1	One of the best meals I've had in a while.  Visiting Vegas, I HAD to have a fancy meal from one of these amazing chefs and picked Bouchon because the prices were still reasonable.  we sat outside for dinner, in a perfect setting by The Venetian pool.  started with the "Beignets de brandade de morue" (cod fritters), was amazing. The Gnocchi a la Parisienne were out of this world, and my friends were not disappointed either. The Andouille was great, and the trout a little less magic, but still good.
1697	0	I decided to take my wife to @CaboWaboLV for an early Valentine's dinner since she is the biggest @Sammy_Hagar fan & has been dying to check this place out since it opened.   Before going I did my homework and read all the reviews that had been posted. After reading I was really surprised this place is still OPEN. Not too many good things being said.   We arrived on Friday night around 10pm and the house band had just started playing. Acoustic Soul-Las Vegas' Original & Only LIVE Jukebox. They play all requests-some good some NOT so good.   We were seated immediately with no wait even though the place was packed including the outdoor patio bar.   The menu is mexican food with a baja twist. VERY Pricey. We ordered Beef Fajita Nachos to start-The Carne Asada Entree & a 3 item combo with Hard & Soft shell tacos and a cheese enchilada. Ice Water all around. NO drinks this time:)   (However they did pour FREE shots of tequila when the band played "Mas' Tequila")   The service was a little slow it took nearly 30 minutes before we saw the appetizers and we spent most of the night chewing on ice.   The nachos were very underwhelming-10-12 soggy chips covered in cheap shredded cheese and sparse bits of beef fajita meat. 4 melonballer size scoops of (lettuce,pico,sour cream & guac) NO seasoning, no spice, no flavor just cheese. The complimentary chips & salsa are a much better choice.   NEXT, the entrees came out- The carne asada plate covered w/cheese, onions and jalapenos. a couple tortillas and a plate with (lettuce,pico,sour cream & guac). NO salsa!! Again with the cheap shredded cheese and the jalapenos were not even cooked just sliced and covered in cheese.   The fajita onions & peppers were way too much compared to the skimpy 8oz carne asada steak. The steak like the nachos had NO seasoning or flavor. FOR $20 at a bar I was really expecting something phenomenal.   The 3 item combo of beef tacos and cheese enchilada was alright except for the cheese enchilada which again used the cheap shredded cheese which didnt melt well at all and was tasteless.    The lack of seasoning for a mexican resataurant is really unacceptable and NO salsa with entrees no beans with the chips appetizer. :(    For 2 people to have an appetizer and 2 entrees-drink ice water and get slow service for $65 pretty disappointing to say the least:(
1550	1	You won't be disappointed!!!  It was simply great!!'  A bit of a wait but totally worth it   The Shack Stack is super good along with the smoke shack  The prices were about $6 a single and $9-10 for a double / shack stack.  Big seating area  Lives up to its hype!
1887	1	Decided to come here on a whim with some friends for lunch, and I'm so glad we did!  We ordered the meat lover's set and a couple of noodle dishes.  The meat was delicious and tender and the spicy seafood ramen was amazing.  Will definitely be back when I'm in the area again!
1196	1	This place is great. I wrote a blog post on my experience here. If you're truly interested, you can go read it...  but in a nutshell, this place is a must for breakfast, lunch or dinner! We gluttons hit up this place for dinner and breakfast! LOL!  http://mintyfoodfanpage.wordpress.com/2012/07/01/poppin-the-bouchon-cork-on-a-popular-bistro/  HIGHLY recommend:   Breakfast:  * Moules-frites (for breffas???? yessssss doooo it! you won't regret it!). * Beignets...or as my friend and i call them, Beign-YAYS!!!!  Dinner: * Bone marrow (dude...like, is best! is best.) * Escargot! * Potato Salad (really? yes really....)  Would I come back? Oh my my, oh hell yes... ;)
1442	0	Expensive, and just not very good.  It all looked appetizing, just tasted like they have opted to use fake butter and other cooking ingredients.  I have no idea if this is true, just can't think of another reason for the lack of flavor (except for salt...and there was plenty of salt).  The service was good, but they weren't very busy and it was dinner time on a Friday night.  Mot having to wait in line at a buffet on a Friday night should have told us to go somewhere else! We used to buy the 24 hour pass for $48.  It was nice to have dinner and come back in an hour or two for desert, instead of stuffing yourself all at once.  The price has gone up to $78, making it way to expensive for the small amount of food we eat.  We didn't buy the passes this time, just paid for dinner.  After eating dinner, we were glad we had passed on the passes!
497	0	If this was my first time having Vietnamese food, I'd never have it again.  It's not just how obnoxious the exterior is, with the ultra-strong lights that probably drive every insect in a ten mile radius to the store front, or how unnecessarily large the place is - but it's the mediocrity of the food and the stinginess of the restaurant that really just earns it a low, low rating.  Their baguettes are ho-hum, the amount of meat per sandwich is underwhelmed by the pickled veggies, and while the price is great I'd much rather go to Mr. Sandwich and pig out there.  When I say stingy, I refer to their iced coffee.  I love Vietnamese coffee (strong Vietnamese coffee individually dripped with condensed milk and it's delicious and nom nom nom and really should be a dessert), 70% of that cup is ice, the rest is yummy Vietnamese coffee.  Want more?  Ask for low ice and what do they say?  "Sorry, pre-measured, I'll have to charge you twice."  Seriously.  I'm paying three bucks for three slurps of coffee?  I can go around the corner, go either side to Pho Kim Long or a five minute walk and get some Vietnamese coffee for a full serving!    Their spring roll looks like it had two shrimp and some real veggies in there.  It's allll laid on the top with the shrimp sliced in half.  So it's nothing but filler.  Where's the taste?  I was informed that they used to have really great food in California about ten years ago.  I dunno what happened, but wow.  However, I will give it to them - Interior is super squeaky clean, modern, and ultra-bright, as I mentioned, as well as 24 hours.
1388	1	I love burgers. Period. Cheeseburgers in particular are my favorite food in the world. I don't know why, but they are. I ear them everywhere I go. Now, I absolutely had to try this place.  I will say it has not disappointed me any one of the six times I have been.    I have made my way through the food menu...still working on the drinks.  As far as I am concerned there is not a bad one in the bunch.  The pairings are really fun to order...and quite good as well if you want to keep things simple.  Every appetizer I have had has been delicious.   Homemade condiments.  Just blown away.    Order anything, you will love it.
537	0	Was with a group of business colleagues for a pre-set meal. The service was excellent, but the food left a lot to be desired. Chicken Piccata was flavorless and served on a bed of pasta that was even more bland. Others shrugged off their food (steak and Cannelloni)with a "Meh, not so good." I had expected much better.  Chocolate raspberry cake was yummy.
7	0	Allergy to onions. Food came out with onions. Waited 15 minutes for drinks. No apology from the server. And she charged us for a side of mushrooms...which we never ordered nor did we receive. Manager said she could "look into it," but we had a flight to catch. I suggest waiting in line for ANY other restaurant before getting sat here right away...chances are you'll wait the same amount anyway.
692	0	Where do I start, beautiful set up, pretty good food if you come during the day or dinner but as far as the nighclub it is not my top choice.   It is extremely difficult to get in, my group was walking out at 3am and there was still a few folks coming in.  the lines are huge, if you are going try to find some list, vip passes, or something to get you off the regular admission.  The club was overcrowded memorial day weekend, extrememly difficult to walk around, and even get in and out of dance floor.  Once on the dance floor it was shoulder to shoulder so you are rubbing against everyone next to you.   general admission for guys is 70, and 30 for ladies. The crowd is young and mostly attractive so I know why folks go to this lenght to get in, I dont think I will be returning.
1555	1	Amazing food and amazing service. My sister and I came here for breakfast on a Thursday morning and it was totally empty. We were seated immediately and I ordered their sourdough waffles while my sister got their American breakfast with their chocolate almond croissant.   I loved my waffles. They were crispy yet chewy. My sister enjoyed her American breakfast, but she absolutely loved their chocolate almond croissant, which was pretty amazing. We later ended up going to the bouchon bakery to get another one.   Service was impeccable, everyone was beyond friendly! I will definitely come by again the next time I'm in Vegas.
1013	0	Upon my arrival there were only a few people standing for check-in but there is no front desk staff available. I could understand the wait if there was people standing around. Then, I was dragged into a room by a staff and instead of expediting the check-in, it resulted to being much worst. The  VOLARIS cabin crew are being checked-in at that time and the clerk too them a while. The clerk that was to help me to pass to another clerk check in another group and she said "OH I CANNOT MOVED BECAUSE I AM BUSY".  She said this in front of the customer/guest. She cannot move her chair because of her size (no offense meant). She ended up moving to the front to walk around the table to go to her table to check me in while another customer was neglected ahead of me. So I decided to let him go first and for me to wait again. I worked in the airline industry and deal with hotels for my crew and these crew check-in process needs to be updated. Way too long to check-in 5 crew members.  Went to my room, checked the room itself, asked to be transferred to another room. I checked the room itself and bed, found some hairs on the mattress. Toiletries that's was in the room is half empty. Is this a leftover of the former occupant of this room?  My bathroom lights were out, so I called the front desk and was put on hold for a while ending up hanging up and calling back again. Roughly I was in the hotel at 3Pm and it took like 3 phones calls for the bathroom lights to be fixed. One maintenance guy came at at 8pm to fix the light but I cannot let him in at that time so I asked him for another time.  Then I asked for extra towels, it never happened. I ended up the next morning looking for housekeeping cleaning up the room to ask for extra towels. I asked for an extra towel regularly for my stay not for just one day but it never did happen. Every time I go the LAS VEGAS I use the SPA. I visited and check the spa and nothing comparable to the others. Expensive and the value is not worth using it.   The worst part of my stay is EARLY MORNING 9AM. I went down to Fortuna to buy coffee. It was pretty busy but not that busy. I ordered coffee and a pastry. I was paying and this rude cashier wearing eyeglasses told me PER SE word by word in a very rude manner "YOU HAVE TO TELL ME WHAT YOU ORDERED  BECAUSE I DON'T KNOW WHAT YOU ORDERED". If I woke up in a wrong side of the bed this morning, this will be a long discussion. This cashier clerk/barista has a look that looks like she is just working and not happy at all with what she is doing, arrogant and rude. As, I walk the lobby every day and see her I had to do something about it. That was my first and last time I bought something from that store.  My room was non-smoking but I smell cigarette burning in the room. I don't know if it was a guest smoking or the ventilation of the room itself. I called the front desk, so the nth time, I was put on hold again, ending up calling again and again. They offered to be transferred but I decline because I was going to check-out the next day. Front desk promised to spray the room with something, but I guess when I came back, it never did happen.  Upon my check-out I decided to do something about the Fortuna Shop and express my frustrations.  If you have any other choices that this hotel..move on
254	1	About my fifth or sixth visit here, has never disappointed. This time I sprung for the Kobe burger, with spinach, Bleu cheese, peppered bacon, and a red wine and shallot sauce. Burger was cooked perfectly and tasted succulent, juicy, and buttery. Loved it!  Also had the  fat fries with dipping sauces. They were very good as well. Can't wait to return when in Vegas next.
895	0	Great for kids and worth a visit once if only to use the slide. A tourist spot and of course we were tourists. The wait team was great and the food rolled out like a hotel banquet service. The food overall was just ok but we went to give kids a unique experience. Mission accomplished.
1433	0	Came here late night with my best friend and her co worker! It was literally not the first choice of dining but at 3:30-4 AM there isn't much of a choice in Mandalay Bay. The menu of course is going to be expensive because it's a hotel chain restaurant/deli or whatever. The down fall is that with it being so late they have a very selective menu to choose from so you don't really have many options! Our waiter was an airhead and we had to keep asking him for the necessary things that should've already came automatically such as napkins and water.. After spending over $60 for some basic ass meal I was completely over it because there's no way no breakfast burrito that small should've costed $13 and then the potatoes were basic with no seasoning.. My bf liked the food probably only because he was drunk but other than that I can't see myself eating here again unless I had a food and beverage credit from the hotel, but wait even then idk I would probably choose somewhere else...
315	0	It's worth it to go for the fancy desserts. They do have huge portions on those.  But I was so annoyed at the prices for the savory food. It will be like 17 dollars for a hot dog. It just doesn't make any sense.  So go here for dessert. Most people could easily share one thing and still be more than satisfied. But skip it for dinner.
200	0	This place was horrible !!!   Please never go there It is a scam!! Overpriced and server Rio was extremely rude when I questioned about our receipt! He overcharged us, I came here with my family to enjoy spring break and made this awful choice to come here !!! Will never forgive myself for wasting money on this disgusting place
35	0	Ummmm totally not worth it!  We wanted to try a different restaurant at our last stay in Vegas. We were originally going to eat Wicked Spoon but the line was long and last call was in 45 minutes. We knew we weren't going to have enough time to eat.   Thankfully, it was only lunch so we weren't TOO HUNGRY so we decided to switch it up and try China Poblano. I first noticed it was owned by chef Jose Andres. I had a bad experience with Chef Andres and truthfully, didn't enjoy his restaurant over in LA at the Bazaar. So I decided to give him another try.  It was pretty empty upon walking in. We were seated promptly and service was fast. First off, we decided to order some soda because we were thirsty and the waitress comes out with these dinky small soda cans!!! Those sodas were $5!!! We orders some ceviche, tacos, dan dan mien, and chilaquiles. My overall favorite was their ceviche. Decent flavor with a good amount of tuna. Nothing spectacular though. Different cuisines are prepared in different kitchens so food comes out at off times. Their noodles were okay. A good kick of spice but obviously not traditional. The chilaquiles was a joke. Basically tortilla chips with sauce on top. Looked like a cheap mans version of nachos. Can't believe we paid $15 for it. Everything's on the lighter smaller side so be prepared to either eat light or order a lot!  After lunch, that was it. Again, nothing too spectacular. Food is expensive and small. It's much more worth it to spend your money somewhere else. Not missing out if you haven't tried this place at Cosmo.
1086	1	Ladies and Gentlemen we have a winner!  The Hines' have awarded the Gordon Ramsay BurGR the winner of the best burger challenge. Yes, it's not in Southern California, but this burger has me wanting to jump on a plane at midnight for a juicy bite.   The jalapeno poppers were delish and the surprise* popper added excitement to our evening. *one jalapeno still has the seeds inside adding some mystery and  heat to dish  To be fair in our process we ordered a beef burger, cheese, grilled onions, lettuce and tomato, although the other burger options were very tempting! The burger arrived hot, and smelling amazing. The meat was cooked perfectly and when cut in half was just barely manageable to get my mouth around for a bite. Each bite was every so tasty and not one ounce of grease dripped down my arm. The bun is great and you don't end up with no meat and all bun at the end. The Just Fries were more then enough for us to split and were overshadowed by the tasty burger, but from what I remember tasted pretty good as well.  Yes, the burgers are expensive, but 1, it's Vegas and 2, it's Gordon Ramsay.  *Not sure they take reservations, but if they do, I STRONGLY suggest making one, otherwise look at a 1hr wait, minimum. I wanted to stand out front after we were done telling people the wait was worth it. But hey, if you have a wait, wander around the Miracle Mile of Shops :)
188	0	the wait was long. ordered the lobster omelette and crabcake something. wow, don't even remember, that's not a good sign. I'm particular about my crabcakes. Not too much bread crumbs, that's good, but the crab was all shredded. I'm looking for lumps! Had a mimosa, that they forgot. I don't think i need to go back ;/
827	0	I *really* wanted to like this place more, considering it's HUGE and there seems to be so much variety on the menu. The yogurt area was the first thing that caught my eye, but was surprised to know there really wasn't as many toppings to be expected (if even at all). It's open 24 hours, and the entire place looks like a gigantic cafeteria. Bright lighting, plenty of seating. The night I came in with my friends the place was nearly empty, so no issues with finding a spot.   We had the cream puffs and the sugar cane drink. Cream puffs lacked taste, as I felt like the cream in the middle really wasn't anything significant or tasty (the cream was just "there"). I do have to say the sugar cane drink is worth giving a go, since it's sweet but not overly sweet to where you get sick of it halfway. Otherwise the pastries and the bite of the sandwich my friend got wasn't anything special. Also, I always seem to think places who just offer cash as a paying method is behind with everything else technologically in the world unless it's a family business. Hopefully the next time I go the experience will be different.
1067	1	So there is a reason why everyone raves about the beef wellington,  it is so tender, soft and delicious it is my new favorite food.  I took my husband here for his bday and had one of the best dining experiences. The staff was friendly and very knowledgeable.  The food was phenomenal,  but you do have to like truffle oil to fully enjoy everything.   I would highly recommend this restaurant.
1454	0	Touted as the best buffet in Las Vegas.   It is far, far from that!  The cashier could not have been any ruder or nasty.  She barked where we had to stand after paying for the buffet to be seated.  The food we mediocre at best.  The array of food was intriguing but the majority of the stations felt as if the food was there for a long time.  The fried rice and sliders had no taste.  Service was slow and agonizing while we waited to be served our drinks.  It felt to us as if the wait staff was severely understaffed.  There are much better buffet in Las Vegas and I highly recommend that you skip this one .  The Buffet at Ceasar's is outstanding .
1057	0	This experience was just blah.  My yardstick was really good but my margarita was just meh. The service was awful. Besides the yardsticks I really have nothing good To say about this place. It's Vegas you can get better drinks for a better price anywhere.
441	1	Got here on a Saturday (5/16) around noon for a late breakfast. The wait was about 30 minutes but went by fast. The food was great and loved the banana muffin. It comes out very warm and moist... delicious.   What was best was the service. All staff were all very helpful and attentive and seemed truly happy to work there which made it a good experience for us.
251	1	I like hide and seek and here is a place I think I could hide forever without being found AND they have pizza! Perfect!   My girlfriends had never been in here before so I took them to the secret location and they were already in a trance by all the vintage album covers lining the wall. Once inside we discover we are the only girls so that always helps.   The guys working behind the counter were down to earth and super sweet. I ordered the slice of white pizza and they put a cold tomato on it once it comes out of the oven. The pizza guy was real cool so I think the slice was around $3 and I tipped him $7. As I am approaching cougar age I find I tip younger guys more.....First sign of a cougar, maybe? Shhh. Let's not talk about it.   Back to the pie. Hot damn that was good. I could have pounded down four more slices easily. The garlic, the cheese and the contrast of the cold tomato worked wonders in my mouth. I also tried a bite of the cheese slice with red sauce. Also dynamite.   I'm hooked on this place. I have spent big bucks on a couple of  Cosmo's fine dining restaurants and I have to say the best meal I have had came from the secret pizza place.... I will be back. Oh yes, I will be back.
1867	1	Good food with great service! The mushroom burner is a must. Paired together with the "loaded fries" and cookies and cream shake, I couldn't ask for any other meal. Top it off with great a server with a smile, Audrie made this stop worth while. Thank you for making our visit to Shake Shack awesome!
1943	1	Came here for dinner.  I would rate the food as 4 stars but the service was great so I had to give it a 5.  We had a big group of over 15 people and everyone had a great time.  The server was very helpful in the selection of food choices and beverage choices and made the experience very enjoyable.
271	0	Went for the dinner buffet this time. More choices to choose from makes this a great place for groups with variety of taste buds. However, I'm still not impressed by their food. The warm crab legs are good (you have to ask the staff to heat them) but nothing to write home about. The Tandoori chicken is constantly coming out the oven so it's extremely fresh. That was the highlight of my meal!!  The prime rib is not the same quality of cut that you experience at Paris or Bellagio. It might be the way it's cooked because it is dry and au jus is a must. Some of the Asian counter foods sit out for too long that it doesn't look as appetizing.  The baked potato stand is not bad as you can customize your stuffed potato to your liking.  Desserts continue to disappoint as they don't have any warm desserts like apple pie. An occasional creme bulee pops up but otherwise it's a counter of slices of room temperature pies and cookies.
1974	1	This place has a nice concept and it's well executed  Trendy Asian Burger Spot  Sit down restaurant  It's not cheap but it's not unreasonable   Got all the great Asian style drinks boba etc Salt and Fries are good  Any burger will do  Have the Malasadas it's on point
683	1	This is probably one of the best breakfasts out I've had in recent times. Everything's was good and fresh. One of the best things was the banana bread/muffin. I had the pumpkin pancakes (which are not on the menu, so ask) which were so delicious that I didn't even need syrup.   My wife, who I love so much (just in case she reads this), is a finicky eater, and she wanted to come back the next day before we left (which we did). She got the skillet breakfast both times. Word to the wise, get a half order if you're not a big eater.  One last thing, went with friends so I tried the biscuit and gravy, stuffed french toast and two different skillet breakfasts. I would have been happy with any of these other orders.   Ok, I lied, this is the last thing, try the Habla Diablo verde on your food, it is very tasty. So much so, we bought a bottle to take with us.
875	0	Right when I entered the hotel it was EMPTY. I never seen an empty hotel in Vegas before. When I stepped inside the elevator, it smelled like urine mixed with barf combined.... (gross) we requested a non-smoking room, but all the rooms allowed smoking.... so we are pretty much second hand smoking. DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS TO ANYONE!
1578	1	Accessed through two elevators near the Venetian parking lot (not the Palazzo), this Thomas Keller gem is sure to be a crowd-pleaser whenever one wants to impress an out of town guest on the strip for a classy yet affordable weekend brunch.  They don't take reservations for brunch so getting here early will cut down on the wait time.  I've been here three times with close friends and most recently for my mom's birthday, and the chicken and waffles is what I always recommend.  Having grown up in the South, this is not your soul food variety with fried chicken and sweet waffles as is done at many other places in town, but a wonderful reinvention that showcases the creativity and respect Keller shows towards his ingredients, classical French cooking techniques, and the humble dish from which it is inspired.     The dish is presented at one's table with a perfectly half-roasted chicken with crispy flavorful herb-encrusted skin enclosing impossibly succulent and juicy meat that comes right off the bone.  Despite being laced with with chives and bacon, these savory waffles are light as a feather.  The accompaniments include maple syrup and a Chasseur sauce("hunter's" sauce) made with demi-glace, mushrooms, shallots, and herbs, along with a Tahitian vanilla bean butter.  Nothing is unintentional as one can feel free to spread a little butter on the waffle, drizzle some maple syrup to finish, and eat it alongside the chicken dipped in the Chasseur...such a complex symphony of flavors that will have your taste-buds doing cartwheels.  Very rarely can a variation on a classic transcend the original, but with someone of Thomas Keller's caliber, I think his rendition does just that.
1817	0	I just returned from a stay at the Mandalay Bay for a birthday getaway. The hotel is lovely, the room furnished beautifully and very comfortable, but the buffet so so so sad and underwhelming for such a nice hotel. Service was slow and unfriendly, had to ask for steak knives, had to ask for drink refills, no forks for crab legs, it was empty in the dining room which might have been a clue on a Saturday night, the shrimp had the look of freezer burn, the prime rib cold, the desserts looked like a Hometown buffet or Golden Corral, the buffet selection was small and nothing stood out, really surprising for such a nice hotel.
181	1	This place is a MUST! BURGERS are absolutely delicious!   Kalbi burger- never knew Kimchi would taste so good inside a burger! ordered this with a fried egg. the patty was thick and the sauce was amazing!  I will definitely come back to try other things from their menu!
1372	0	I KNOW OF NO OTHER BUFFET IN LAS VEGAS, OR ANYWHERE ELSE FOR THAT MATTER, THAT RAISED THE PRICE... AND... LOWERED THE SERVICE!!  After raising their breakfast price by two or three bucks, they now have SELF SERVICE FOR COFFEE, JUICE AND OTHER BEVERAGES.  When those stations are crowded, waiting and spilling is not a fun event at a buffet.  We were told that it was a cost cutting measure so they could fire the bus boys (and girls).  Apparently, this is correct because there were none around, the wait staff bussed the tables.  It also seemed that the breakfast choices were reduced.  This buffet was an up and down love affair for us over twenty-five years.  Now it's down for good.  I WON'T GO BACK!
1402	0	Riviera is the worst hotel I've ever stayed in my life. I've traveled around US and Europe and stayed at hotels of different range, but this one stands out the most, sadly for it, in a bad way.   I got a deal on Groupon, and we paid $54 per studio room/day which wasn't a quite usual studio. It was just a room with an empty fridge, non functional TV and toilet, bed bugs, loud conditioner, dirty linens, the most horrible service and most importantly ROBBERY. And i was charged $34 upon my check out (taxes+resort fee per 2 days).  So we checked in at 5 pm and went down to the strip by Monorail, which was quite expensive and within 15 min walk from the hotel.  We got back to the hotel around midnight and found my husband's backpack and my purse stolen from the room. First I couldn't believe it, the reality was too hard to believe. Besides my husband's birthday just started minutes ago after we found his stuff stolen along with his passport. We called the security right away. It took them a while before they finally came to the room and gave us the report sheets. They seemed pretty helpful although they said they are just the third party and hotel risk management will contact us in 5-7 business days from the day of our report. It's been over a month and no one has contacted us, so I decided to do it myself. The risk management "doesn't discuss camera information" and all they said no one has entered our room, according to entry key system. I've got no words to express my disappointment. Do yourself a huge favor and NEVER EVER STAY at this hotel !!!
289	1	Quite possibly the best burger I've had. How many times have you ordered a burger medium rare and it comes out pretty much well done? Not here. My blackjack burger (ciabatta bread/jack cheese) was THICK and cooked perfectly, a little crispy on the outside and very JUICY on the inside. Even the included skinny fries were pretty good. At $14 it was totally worth it. I also had a twinkie milkshake (great idea). It tasted great, but probably not worth it for $9.
814	1	Best breakfast buffet for the money on the strip. For $18.95 you get unlimited omelette station, waffles that are so fluffy you think you are in heaven, bacon, sausage, hash browns, fruit, cold and hot cereal. A must if you like breakfast.  #bestwafflesever!
1291	0	I'll start the review by saying that I have very mixed feelings about this hotel. There were definitely some good things about MGM, but overall we were left with a bad feeling about staying here, and will definitely not ever stay here again.      Before coming to Vegas all the way from Minnesota, I had booked a Grand King room, and was required to put down a deposit on the room, and then received an email confirmation saying that I had a RESERVATION for the Grand King. When we arrived at the hotel, the front desk informed us that we were unable to stay in the Grand King room anymore and would be placed in a Double Queen. Although the double queen wasn't so bad (it had a really nice view of a big green wall!), we were upset over the fact that we had reserved and expected the King. After expressing my dissatisfaction with the front desk, he said "I'm sorry about that." So I pressed a little further until finally he said the only thing he could do was offer me a buffet credit, which was really no help since we already had received a free buffet voucher online (after eating there, I now understand why they are so willing to offer so many free buffets...yuck). So, we ended up staying in the Queen for the weekend, and the room was pretty decent for the most part.      During checkout after our two night stay at the hotel, I again asked a different person at the front desk about the situation regarding the room, and she seemed very unwilling to talk to me and responded with "sorry about that." So then I asked her if this happens often, and she explained to me that MGM does not provide guests with room RESERVATIONS, they only provide guests with room REQUESTS. I guess if I am traveling halfway across the country to stay for the weekend, I would rather stay at a hotel that will have a guaranteed hotel room waiting for me when I get there.      Upon returning home from our trip, I provided feedback to the hotel online & explained our situation, hoping that they may attempt to resolve the issue, and was sent an automated email response within about 30 seconds containing an apology. Usually I'm very lenient with this sort of thing, since I work in the casino industry and have to deal with guest issues all the time, but usually when things like this happen, I'm used to seeing employees and the company acting like they at least care slightly, and I've always been under the assumption that Vegas resorts offer decent guest service. I guess I should lower my expectations next time.      Overall at MGM, we met some really great employees, and some really terrible employees. A lot of the people working here seem like they don't want to be here and didn't want to help us out (could be that we are a little younger, and they didn't think we would tip them).      However, there were some really great employees that offered us really great guest service, and were willing to help us with anything we needed. Some of the departments that really treated us with respect were the bell services desk and the house keeping crew.
344	1	I had their signature dish, French Toast, which was similar to a light bread pudding and it was superb!  (This coming from a person who hates bread pudding).  I also had their special of the day, eggs with spinach and chorizo sausage omelet with a side of bacon.  Excellent dish as well and the bacon was crispy and very addicting.  The omelet dish was so good that we ordered the exact same dish twice!
543	1	5 Stars, and here is why....  1.  If the restaurant closes at 10pm, and you can still roll in at 9:55pm for a meal - Good.  The service is still excellent - Better.  The quality of the food is still exceptional - Best.  Lotus is tops on all three accounts!  2.  Wine List and Pairing.  Not only does Lotus have an outstanding wine list, it has the largest selection of German Whites in any restaurant - in the world, if memory serves.  Also, any restaurant whose wait staff knows wine enough to pair with my meal makes me happy.  However, despite the large number of Sommeliers and wannabes in Las Vegas, I rarely find a member of the general wait staff who can confidently assign a wine to my meal without looking at the price or without pairing  by color.  3.  Of course, the food!  I know that I've enjoyed a Larb Salad in another place better, but not an entire Thai meal.  To start, three of us ordered the Hot Pot-sized Thom Kha Kai, a wonderful coconut and lime-based soup with mushrooms and chicken, which was simply pleasing.  It was creamy, tart, sweet and savory; so perfectly balanced that it could have easily satisfied me as a main course.  Next, a Larb Salad (Chicken).  This could have been better to my taste, but was well-seasoned with mint and onions and very aromatic.  Finally, the main course - Nua Yang Panang.  I love Panang curries, and this one, with its embellishment of cognac, was one of the best I've ever had.  The sauce was so good my friends and I made balls of rice to sop up every last bit - the dishwasher got off easy with us!  4.  Price.  Yes, you can spend (and maybe should spend :)) $30-40/ person at Lotus of Siam.  Yes, you can probably make decent curries at home now without the time and expense thanks to the plethora of bottled Thai sauces - think Heinz 57 of Thai...blegh!  But the total bill for all of us including my $10 glass of Piesporter, the menu listed in #3 and another's fried rice, just cleared $60 with tax.  That's right folks $15 a person!  Can you eat at any other of the World's 100 Best Restaurants at dinner for $15?  I think I hear Thomas Keller laughing...nervously...  Bottom line:  Well, worth the drive from anywhere for the excellent quality, selection and service.  A super way to dine at one of the World's Best!
920	0	Nothing Serendipitous about this place. It was overpriced and the hostess had about as much charm as my sweaty feet from walking in Vegas in 100 degree weather. A bad attitude too. I should've saw the red flag but we needed to evade the "Hot Babes Direct to You" swaggers for a while.  We just had desserts (which were pretty standard) so I can't comment on the food but I won't be back to find out. Our waitress was nice but overall this place had a really crappy vibe. Thanks but no thanks.
290	1	The best breakfast i ever had. U need to wait to get in there. Worth wait.  Any Omelet here is awesome wit Sides Cajun fries or french fries. Fruits on the side.  We ordered 7 different omelets. Each and every person have their own specifications. All our orders are perfect. The waiter's here are pretty cool. If i stayed back in vegas and longer i would eat my Breakfast only here.  They offered us the Banana Muffins after our meal. Thats really awesome. We couldn't eat them so they gave us ToGo.
1641	1	I love this place. Probably the cheapest and most reasonable restaurant at this hotel. The line is long but I promise it's worth the wait. Pizza is not even one of my favorite foods, but I LOVE eating here. The most entertaining thing of this restaurant is being completely sober and coming her after the club closes to see all the drunks. hehehehehe
129	0	Avoid. Used to be good. They wont steam the crab legs for you unless you're a VIP member. Guess my $30 isn't good enough for them, yours probably isn't either. Go elsewhere, don't be left with a bad taste in your mouth. The food selections are hit and miss. Scampi, prime rib, sausage n peppers, fajitas and guacamole is ok. Bunch of other stuff not so great. Service is questionable. They only pick up dirty plates-eventually. You have to get your own drinks. No purified water, just tap.
1626	1	Lots of food and of great quality too. Staff was very kind and polite as well as informative. We came in a big group and ordered the meat lover special. They give you all of your food at once so you don't have to keep asking where your stuff is. The sides were especially good compared to other bbq places I've been. Meat was top notch. Overall a great experience! Definitely recommend!
1002	0	Food portions here are absolutely vile, there is just no need to serve such huge plates of food especially when you see the amount going back to the kitchen wasted.  You see enough homeless people in Vegas and this wastage just annoys the hell out of me.  The service was terrible when we went for breakfast one morning, we were seated straight away but it was absolutely ages before we placed our order with the waitress and then again for drinks to turn up and then for the food to turn up.  The quality of food was on par with Dennys but was at least twice the price.    I won't bother with this place again, maybe dinner is better but I won't be giving it a try.
1590	1	This is our first experience with eating Korean barbecue with the actual grill the table. They were very patient, and the food is delicious. Side dishes are yummy, portions are good, prices are totally reasonable, restaurant is beautiful, and the bulgogi bibimbap is my favorite. My kids also loved it; pretty sure my 8-year-old ate three bowls of fish cake. The $45 Las Vegas combo was plenty for all four of us!
1527	0	For the two times I've been here, I can't argue with the experience. For a Thursday night, it's not too shabby. You can't really complain when you're a packed club with open bar for the ladies and complimentary drink tickets left and right, right?   Funny anecdote: We almost accidentally got kicked out because they thought two of us were too drunk to be in the club when actually, they were looking for our other friend. We almost got escorted out some weird back-alley looking staircase leading who knows where.  It's never a bad experience, but I haven't woken up the next morning and been like, "DAMN that was DAMN good night!  It's always more like, "That was cool. Yeah, pretty fun. Free drinks though."
81	0	Great location, atmosphere and service. But the food, the food. The food is the rub. Every meat was overcooked and dry. It's a steakhouse and I expected the signature food to be much better.  Be sure to get the coupon from the girl out front. But even at half price, it's still no bargain. Maybe try at lunch when prices are already lower.
924	0	Would classify as hangover food and nothing special. Expensive and not delicious. Located in the opening of a big, smoky casino. Nice stop on the strip if you want to waste money on not so delicious food and just looking to eat anything. The sliders are so tiny and nothing was that great in taste about them. Can't understand why people would select this place for a meal. Would never choose to eat here again, which is why I'm choosing to rate the place with 1 star.
1466	1	I just finished eating at their shack meet up and I was pleasantly surprised with how much I enjoyed the food! The 2 best bites I had were the shack stack burger and the shack-ago hot dog. I also went classic with a simple vanilla shake and it was perfectly sweet.  The ambiance is very casual and there isn't any very convenient parking but it's a solid option especially around the NY NY.  Service was friendly and although very busy, all the areas I saw were surprisingly clean and orderly.  Next time I want to have more ice cream!
253	1	It's been over 6 months since I've been out to Vegas, and to Shake Shake specifically, but since when people ask me for recommendations in Vegas, SHAKESHAKE is basically my #1 recommendation, I figured I'd better write a review! I initially heard about ShakeShack from friends that traveled to NYC, and basically it was described as a "classier In & Out" Burger.  haha, which may or may not be true.  They have different menu options, so that is what appeals to me.  As a Vegetarian I was thrilled by their SHROOMBURGER on the menu!!  It was nice to be able to have actual protein source instead of just getting to try fries & a milkshake like at other classic Burger Places.  Also, when I was there I ordered the CONCRETE-SHACK ATTACK with chocolate custard, chocolate truffle cookie dough, chunks of dark chocolate and plenty of chocolate sprinkles and fudge sauce!!  And naturally I ordered crinkle Cut french fries to accompany all this yumminess!  My hubby opted to by a pure Chocolate Milkshake as a classic, and a baseline to compare to other places.  He did think it was delicious, but after having a few tastes of my Concrete, I think he wished he would have opted for one of their specialties!  And, you can even design your own concrete, and pick the toppings to go in as well, so that is always an option if you don't want to try their Signature Concretes.  To be fair, in Vegas, there is not a shortage of burger places such as Gordon Ramsay, White Castle, Wahlburgers, Burger Bar, Fat Burger, In & Out etc.  And, I haven't been to a majority of those to be honest, so I can't really speak to what ShakeShack compares to.  But, I just figured that I'd trust New Yorker's... I figured they would know what is up with their New York-based fast Food Chain. ;-)  And, they have vegetarian choices, so that is even an extra bonus to me!!!
430	0	Not impressed by this buffet at all, but at least I got it for free! They had a large variety of foods, much like the newer buffets around. Sadly, their quality is severely lacking.  The carving station was very inconsistent. My prime rib was dreadful, but my bf had a good piece. I also made the mistake of trying some ham, which was salty and dry. As for the seafood section, the crab was actually okay... not awesome but okay.  The shrimp cocktail was not fresh at all though. They had smoked salmon which can't go wrong at all.   Desserts: the only thing that appealed to me were the coconut macaroon cookies. The ONLY good dessert. That's really sad because I love sweets.
1335	0	We stayed here for two nights (Saturday and Sunday). When we arrived, there was a 15 minute wait to check-in. They then informed us check-in time wasn't until 4pm but that we could upgrade to an immediately available room for $25/night. We declined. Our room was a 'non-smoking/Mountain View room'. The Mountain View was way off in the distance and only visible above the ugly rooftop of the casino. When the sun went down, they were kind enough to point bright red lights at the hotel windows. The air quality/air filtration in this hotel is horrendous. Despite being in a non-smoking room on a non-smoking floor, it was as if someone was sitting on our bed chain smoking. When we shared this with them at check-out, they were confused. I will never stay here again, which is unfortunately, because we'll be needing a place to stay this Friday.
1020	1	When we first walked in it was a bit overwhelmingly with the noise and it's a wide open space.  They seated us very quickly and got to omit drinks right away.  One server Erin came to our table slowly there after to take our order and answer any questions we had.  My wife doesn't eat regular sausage and we were very impressed with the vast ability to substitute. We were here for breakfast, but i peeked at the lunch menu and you can build your own burger with ground beef, chicken breast, turkey, or a vegetable patty.  I had the fiesta green chili skillet and it was amazing.  Perfectly spiced and filling.   My wife had a burrito and substituted turkey sausage and fruit.  We each got one of the banana bread muffins which I highly recommend. Erin was our server and she was very attentive and pleasant.  This was a nice way to start the day.  I highly recommend making this past of your Vegas stay.
1340	1	I just love it here!  The food is delicious, the servers are friendly, and the atmosphere is great!  It's perfect for curing your hangover or stopping in to fill up your tummy when trying to prevent one.  Don't forget the milkshakes...mmmmm!  The only bad thing about it is that I don't live in LV so I can't go as often as I would like!
1832	0	If you want a good buffet.... Unless you're on an insanely tight budget and just craving a buffet for the fun of variety, skip this. You'll pay double for dinner elsewhere but it will be a million times better.  On the other hand, if you're just going for a fast, four course meal: salad, soup, entree and dessert you WILL find one yummy option in each genre and be satisfied.  Most of the meats were over cooked and tough or flavorless, or both. Fried chicken was good and the chicken Marsala was too. Roast beef was "just okay", the horseradish sauce was weak sadly.  Mashed potatoes were kind of lumpy. Gravy had minimal taste. They only had one vegetable side that I saw, corn with onions???   Pasta dishes were blah but: shockingly they had *awesome breadsticks* and decent pizza.  Mexican station was nice. Nachos were pretty good with all the fixings. Well. Not all. They had no guacamole.  One major gripe: something insane happened to the guacamole (like maybe a kid put something weird in it) and they refused to put any more out even though the buffet was going to be open two more hours. The lady who pointed it out and a few other people nearby were obviously disappointed. It wasn't worth saving the $ on not putting more out to piss like 5 people off.   I skipped most cold/salad options as food born illness is usually found in uncooked food. My fianc tried the ambrosia salad and liked it and wasn't ill or anything.  The tomato bisque was like a jazzed up version of Campbell's but I liked it. Chicken soup was fairly pleasant as was the Mexican meatball soup.  Desserts. They ran out of the only thing I was interested in: pistachio Creme brle and left the sign out to torture me. Running out so early in the night seems lame. Leaving the sign up to prove it is a fail.   Some cakes were dry (I'm looking at you carrot cake) and others were plushly moist (yes you hot smores lava cake).  They had good drinks (those included in buffet), Mt dew was really fizzy and had plenty of syrup to soda water ratio. Hot chocolate and coffee was available as well as milk and Pepsi products.  Overall, I wouldn't visit again because they didn't have enough well prepared meats or variety of side dishes. However, I don't regret going because we did have plenty of food to nosh on and the smores lava cake saved me from utter dessert disappointment.
525	1	In fairness to the restaurants I haven't tried yet, I will not come out and say that this is the best burger in Vegas, but any of the selections here are some of the best I have had. Their beef mixture is very delicious and they can actually cook a burger medium to medium rare which is often a challenge for some reason at restaurants like this.  After some of the hype died down and the wait times weren't outrageous, Bachi Burger even became a place to get a reasonably quick meal as well.
688	1	my friend took me here for dinner touting it as the best bistro in vegas.  and Bouchon didn't disappoint.   wow.  the oyster/mussles/lobster platter was fantastic (just get the half platter as an appetizer, the full would be pushing it).  the duck was INCREDIBLE.  As was my friend's lamb.  We came back the next night for the steak.
359	1	I seriously dream about this pizza.   On my last few trips to Vegas, Secret Pizza has been one of my first stops every time. One slice is never enough (even though they are HUGE.)  As a pizza connoisseur, I vote that this is the best of the best. You will not be disappointed I promise. And if you are, then we can't be friends.
1226	1	Highly recommend getting there before they open at 5:30pm. We got there at 5:15pm and sat in the car, then slowly a line of people started to form. We literally got a table when they open at 5:30pm. Service was amazingly quick and attentive. The food arrived within 5 to 10minutes. The price is on the higher end for Thai food- average about $15 to $30 for entree, but it's well worth it. The menu is very extensive and it's sorted by the region of Thailand.    The garlic prawn comes with 8 generous pieces and flash fried with garlic seasoning. It was delicious and the shrimp was crispy. The prawn was deshelled therefore consumption is very convenient.   The crispy duck with the noodle was one of my favorite. The duck was tasty with a crispy skin. The flat rice noodle was slightly pan fried and complimented the duck really well. Pretty much, it's  similar to the Chinese chow fun (pan fried rice noodle) atop with crispy duck.   The Thum ka noon was minced pork with jackfruit. We randomly ordered this and it was interesting. It would be really good if it's eaten with rice. Overall, the food was very well seasoned and I cant stop burping after the dinner. I will definitely come back and try different entree. I'm curious how good a simple pad thai or pad see ew would taste in here?
1787	1	One of the best Korean BBQ places in Vegas. It is honestly hard to beat this place. From the friendly staff, to the amazing food, this place is awesome. So Much Juice On That meat.   I went here on a Saturday night with my boyfriend and we truly enjoyed ourselves.  There was a minimal wait, but this allows you to take in the scenery.  You can watch TV as well as watch k pop and pop videos. It has a nice soft red tone to the restaurant. We honestly couldn't wait to sit and eat .
288	0	Went here last night for my cousins birthday dinner. The atmosphere was cool, the live music was good and the slide they have inside the restaurant was fun for the kiddos. The food however...not so good. It's pretty pricy and on the chicken dish my sister got there was nothing but fat, and I tried one of my grandmother's BBQ ribs and there was barely any meat at all on those either. Definitely not worth the $20 a plate... Probably the only sweet thing about the food was the cotton candy they bring you at the end. Even the biscuits they serve you at the beginning were cold and crumbly. Then at the end the server was even allowed to split up the check! We had to figure it out ourselves. All I can say is I was not impressed...
1952	0	It would be zero stars if there was an option.   I will ever visit this place again. It was not busy when we arrived but we still had to wait 30 minutes to be seated. That should have been my 1st clue to leave.    When we were finally seated the waitress appeared offering water we were already prepared to place our order from waiting so long.  She took our drinks order and about 15 min later the drinks arrived. My drink came in this Palm tree plastic cup hmm ok whatever it taste good so we placed our food orders and waited and waited about 30 min which would have been fine except when they brought the orders out it was the wrong items. I ordered the BLT wrap which was correct but my husband who is super sensitive with his food had ordered the carnitas plate. They bought him tacos. He is a diabetic and was very hungry and edgy at this point. We did not take the tacos the waitress said he ordered tacos my husband said no I ordered the carnitas plate. We said being the check.   Check arrived and they charged me $24 for my drink WHAT it was from the slush machine I was charged $11.25 for the plastic Palm tree cup I told her I didn't ask for the take home cup and didn't want it. She said you can just leave it then.     By this time I had it wrong food order waiting forever to be treated like this. Never again  I will be sure to share my review with others
944	0	Not a good place to eat at all. We ordered 5 shrimp&pork egg rolls(didn't have any flavor at all) chicken wings(HIGHLY SALTED, very processed), Thai tea smoothie, and Bbq pork sandwich. All of our food was not good at all. The manager was extremely rude. I'm very surprised they are still in business.   I would not recommend this place at all.
1631	0	first time here was a year ago. went with 2 of my friends, and we ended up going to their walk-up counter because the wait for an inside table was about an hour. we ordered small frozen hot chocolate.   i must say - i wasnt really impressed. it tasted like a chocolate shake with sprinkles. maybe its better if you go inside to order it? i dont know...  second time i met some friends in town. they were eating dinner (i didnt eat because i just ate). everything looked really good and portions were pretty decent as well.   third time we went in was a few weeks ago with my sister and some friends back home. ordered a frozen hot chocolate and a frozen white hot chocolate. i couldnt remember how big they were or how "eh" they were, but my sisters never been and we were already there. my sister ordered the frozen hot chocolate for two because her and her boyfriend were gonna share it. and it was waaaaaaaaaaay too much frozen hot chocolate! and as rich as it is, you really dont need anymore than a small.   service was alright - the cashier there was a little slow at ringing in orders/putting the tickets up on the rail. and it seemed they were short staffed or something because the girl making the drinks seemed overwhelmed the whole time we were there. agian, maybe the hype was built up so much i expected a lot?  maybe i'll come back, stick out the wait and eat inside?
1024	1	Delish. 2nd time I've been there and just as good as the 1st time. Got the special, Hobb's Pork Loin Benedict and it was uh.maze.ing!! Oysters were fresh and so cold. And their bacon is the best. EVER. Everyone delivers solid service and the food won't disappoint. Will be back next time I'm in Vegas. #obsessed
1012	0	I am not sure if it is the fact that this Lee's Sandwich is located in Las Vegas, that the owners feel compelled to follow the lead of other well-known and loved California-based eateries (i.e., Pinks Hotdog, Sam Woos) that set up shop here, by jacking up the price and cutting back on what it serves.  At least that is what I think after visiting Lee's post their officially grand opening.  Sandwiches still taste the same, except you just get less of everything that goes in between the fresh baked baguette (meat, pickled radish and carrots and even cilantro and slices of chilie).  Iced coffee still tastes great, except you get more ice than coffee.  Even if you ask for less ice, you will get less ice but also a cup that is not full (imagine an inch of nothing to top of your plastic cup).  Anyway, the place is new and very nice looking.  Staff is still trying to master the sandwich menu, so I am sure eventually they will get faster with fulfilling the orders.  But unless they start to serve what we can get normally at all the other Lee's sandiwch shops up and down California, potential customers are better off patronizing other local banh mi shops.  And there are quite a few of them just a few blocks down Spring Mountain Rd.  I wish I can like this Lee's Sandwich more, but after a few visits I am too disappointed to want to go back.  As it stands, I feel that this Lee's is trying to set the bar extremely low for what customers should expect from this location, perhaps not realizing that a vast majority of the patrons have had the Lee's experience from California prior to visiting this one.  I can only guess that as a new food service operator in Las Vegas, they failed to do any sort of market or demographic analysis and/or extremely ignorant of the commonsense knowledge that roughly 50% of the visitors that come to LV are visiting from CA (land of the Lee's Sandwiches).  So we will see how well they fare after the novelty wears out, because without a course correction I see only iceberg ahead for this Titanic of a Lee's Sandwich.  (UPDATE) - From David Y: A worker told him to ask for "less ice and more coffee" when ordering their Lee's Iced Coffee, otherwise the future lawyers fulfilling the orders behind the counter will do exactly as the customer requested. How knew ordering a effing cup of the common Vietnamese Iced Coffee is the stepping stone to studying for the LSAT.
146	1	Ordered the "Las Vegas" dinner for two, was worried it wouldn't be enough food for two but we were completely wrong, it was more than enough, essentially a sampler of an array of meats and side dishes they offer. Everything was absolutely delicious, steak, prawns, chicken, all the meat was very tender and you grill it yourself, great service.
1266	0	PSA For All Thieves: GO ON AHEAD AND DO YOUR WALLET OR PURSE SNATCHING HERE. THE SECURITY DOESN'T INVESTIGATE AT ALL.   After waiting in that enormous line to check in, I just wanted to relax and play some slots. Literally, the first machine we sat down at, some guy comes sweeping by and grabs my purse. He was gone in an instant. I notified the slot machine attendant who lazily walked over to the security desk. They couldn't have been less concerned. The security guard questioned the witness who saw the man take my purse, but not once did he ask her name or contact information. They never even asked me what my wallet looked like!  Now the runaround began for us. We went to go talk to the casino investigator who wouldn't even check the cameras. We were told what they caught was "random." Yeah right. The investigator told us that we needed to file a police report for them to do anything.   Next we were sent to the hotel manager, Alice C.  I have never encountered such an incompetent manager. All she offered to do for us was call the police. After 45 minutes of waiting on hold, Alice asked if we wanted to go "enjoy ourselves in the casino" instead of calling the police. I was livid at this point because she was so insensitive to make a comment like that and kept referring to "the lost item."  No! It was freaking stolen. Finally, I got ahold of the police and got a police report number. They said that it was the MGM's JOB TO INVESTIGATE. When I told Alice that she said, "Oh, do you want to file a report with us?" I about lost my mind when she said that!  So the investigator comes up to the front desk where we are and brings some useless paperwork for us to fill out. He starts filling out a report too but has YET TO ASK ME WHAT MY PURSE LOOKED LIKE (he never did, btw). My husband asked, "why weren't you filling out that report an hour ago when we talked to you?!" He mumbled some answer like, "I was going to after you guys left." Yeah right. They couldn't be less concerned.   We never heard from anyone regarding my purse again.   Later, a bartender said that stuff gets stolen all the time there. Good to know.   So like I said before, thieves have at it at the MGM. They could care less!
1339	1	Wow what a hidden gem. Do yourself a favor and get off the strip for some really good food. Do not mistake this place for one of those cheap all you can eat Korean buffets. This place has set menus based on number of people or a la carte if you want to make your own combination. The must have appetizer is Uni and pork belly. It's low carb, fatty and creamy. All kinds of yummy goodness. Seriously. One order has two wraps so order accordingly.  The meat is such good quality. Trimmed and perfectly marbled. You can choose marinated or natural. I recommend natural since the quality of meat was excellent it doesn't need much. This is how you know the place is good when you grill the meat simply and dip it in a bit of sesame oil, salt and pepper.  This is now my new must go to place when I come to Vegas. One of the best Korean restaurants in Nevada and I highly recommend it.
1552	0	Went back and found that the best server who helped us last time, JT, was no longer with the company.  BOOO on Cabo Wabo Cantina.  Forget it, this place does not have the right attitude since JT was a real Sammy fan and actually was really fun and interesting to talk to.
1865	0	Food over priced & mediocre, especially the rattle snake/cactus appetizer for $17.95, deep fried & mostly all cactus.  Potatoes are ala carte. Kids screaming so loud, little to no conversation possible, and about the poor bull stuck in a pen, if they are not exercising him, I hope animal rights takes notice!
1720	0	8/14/10 1 stars for service but 4 stars for the Jackpot Sundae!...the Sundae was simply amazing...chocolate and strawberry icecream with chocolate and strawberry syrup and much more...If you don't want to wait, it's first come first serve at the bar...we had waited about 30 minutes before the hostess told us about this...WTH?   We were sort of upset at the way the bartenders treated us...they had made EXTRA frozen hot chocolate..the BF simply asked if we could pay extra just to try a little shot/cup of it to see what it was like because it was our first time there!...he just shook his head and said we had our dessert coming up and DUMPED it down the drain...OKAY..fine...it didn't hurt to ask...SO A NEW group 2 couples, young, pretty, NOT Asian like us apparently show up and have a seat and they (bartenders) are drooling over the girls...apparently 1 girl has never tried their famous frozen hot chocolate...so what does the bartender do? HE GIVES her ENTIRE CUP for FREE to TRY...WTF is that about? Seriously? RIGHT IN FRONT OF US TOO...OMG...the BF and I looked at each other like...did he just really do that?   After that it went downhill...truly...Given that I'm about all about being open-minded...I did my best to give the guys there the benefit of the doubt, but this was seriously Ridiculous...I don't think we'll ever be going back there again...
53	0	I made the mistake of having such high expectations of China Poblano because they were just completely crushed.  I had heard so much about  culinary genius, Jose Andres and that is the reason I even went into the restaurant after perusing the menu.  If it was not associated with Jose Andres, I would have immediately done a 180 after seeing the $11.00 price tag on a serving a dim sum.    Jose Andres is known for his tapas servings and so our group ordered a number of tapas servings to share.  And they were just OK.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't mind blowing either.  If I am paying $8 for a mini mini pork sandwich- it BETTER blow my mind, and it did not.  My favorite dish was the eggplant dish, but it wasn't fabulous enough for me to return. I even tried eating the Chinese dish and Mexican dish, side by side to see if that would make a difference in the "experience", but it didn't.  In fact, I still don't get it.  It was not a fusion restaurant, but rather two menus in one.   The ambience is cool and trendy, but next time I am considering Mexican or Chinese, I will definitely go elsewhere, where the flavor satisfaction matches the price.  I can get ambience elsewhere.
1730	1	boyfriends family took us to dinner here since we were in town and we are sooooo obsessed! We are already planning to go back when in town again!!   We started with the oxtail chili cheese fries, truffle fries and onion rings! OMG! delicious! I swear the best truffle fries I have ever had cause they glazed the top with the oil too!   I had the Kalbi burger and the fam had the miso, black and green, and the bahn mi burger my burger was korean bbq goodness, with the kimchi and everything! A must try! I had a bite of all the burgers on the table and was not disappointed. Ended with the lava cake for dessert and that also was delish! order it when you order the burgers as it take about 20-25 min to make =)  definitely cannot wait to try the other locations (since they have different menus)   Loveee this place!
72	1	You see that "R" by my name? I'm a regular here and I don't even live in Vegas. That's how much I've been here. Oh, do I miss the 7am breakfast after a long night... and I just got back from Vegas a few days ago. This was the closer of the night/morning. After a grueling night with the City of Sin, we, along with many others, find ourselves here at the Grand Lux Cafe. I think I've been here 4 times in 3 days.   The food is surprisingly very good! I ordered the pizza lunch special on my first visit and loved it. It didn't get me stuffed but I was full and content. Better than eating a buffet, where I always over eat and feel like crap come dinner time. Came back the next morning... or some would call it... a few hours later and had the "healthy breakfast" which consisted of chicken breast, egg whites and some veggies. I did not expect it to be good, and it wasn't but it wasn't bad either... it was healthy (understandable).   Had a legit breakfast here (like actually waking up in the morning and coming here). The breakfast buffet was excellent! The selection was very limited but the items that they have were all great. The hash browns were cooked to perfection, not burnt but not undercooked. The omelets were great too.   Lastly, had one last breakfast, this time it wasn't legit (due to the fact that there was no sleep prior to this breakfast) Don't know what I ordered, could be my lack of memory, or we can just blame it on the night.   Now to the service. It was excellent every time we were there (and I remembered). I must say though, our waitress for breakfast was absolutely wonderful. Definition of great customer service! If i knew her name I'd let you guys know... but the entire staff at the Grand Lux is amazing. Great service!
942	0	This buffet for me was just eh.  I came here for Christmas dinner and they had a different menu than normal.  In general, most of the things I ate were pretty overcooked.  The prime rib was dry as well as the turkey and other roasted meats.  The crab legs were okay if you got them fresh, but many of them were smaller and didn't really have much meat in it.  I saw the section of the buffet where you can customize pasta and they'll make it for you! I was super excited to try it, but unfortunately the pasta was bland and flavorless.  Salt made it slightly better.    The pan fried scallops looked great, but to my dismay, they were very overcooked and not tender at all.    Maybe I just came on the wrong day and most of their food happened to be overcooked.  Although I would expect the Christmas dinner to be of better quality.   The line to get in was pretty long as well and it seemed to be long most days that I walked by the buffet.   A couple good notes were that the service was decent and they have pineapple juice!
675	1	The experience at Gordon Ramsay Steak was amazing! We had a 6pm reservation and were seated right away. Matthew (our waiter) was extremely knowledgeable of the entire menu and went out of the way to ensure our experience was unforgettable. The service was the best we've had in Vegas!! The Wellington did not disappoint and the mac & cheese was amazing!! The wine, food, and service were superb! Matthew and all the staff at Gordon Ramsay Steak get 5 stars!!
655	1	I'll admit it.  I'm a Gordon Ramsay groupie.  I DVR all of his shows from Master Chef to Hell's Kitchen to Kitchen Nightmare's.  And once or twice in my life, I've been lucky enough to eat at one of his many restaurants.  This past weekend, my friends and I were in Sin City for a birthday celebration and we decided to try the newly opened BurGR.  I'm not even slightly exaggerating when I say that the Farmhouse Burger that I ate at Gordon's new restaurant is the best burger I've ever eaten in my life.  Perfectly seasoned beef topped with Duck Bacon (which I didn't even know existed), French Cheddar, and a gooey fried egg....it was like eating a piece of art.  In addition to the burger, my friends and I shared some truffle parmesan french fries with BurGR's homemade truffle aioli and ketchup sauces (both amazing).  We also ordered creme brulee oreo milkshakes (best milkshake I've ever had).  The only dish that we ordered that I was less than ecstatic about was the honeypig bao buns appetizer...but honestly, the rest of the meal was so amazing, we completely forgot about it.  At a fairly reasonable price for Ramsay level quality food, I highly recommend trying out BurGR next time you're at the Planet Hollywood Casino in Las Vegas.
532	1	Out of all the years I've been coming to the Peppermill it's been the same ever since I love this place but tonight tonight for some reason there are about 15 to 20 beautiful knock dead gorgeous women here they don't know me from Adam or all they want to do is go out and partay I'm down for that taxi all later O
713	1	Had an excellent breakfast here on May 6, but definitely could not finish it! The grilled mash potatoes were outrageous and the corned beef hash had huge pieces of corn beef in it.  I really liked the industrial feel to the decor, very cute.  Service was excellent too.  We had  a bit of a wait, but only about 20 minutes and it was worth it! Excellent quality and taste!
1016	0	This review is based on the wait, I hope the food will make up for it or I will be extremely upset. On a Sunday, we got here at 12:15 and was told 30-40 minute....cool that's fine we will go gamble for that time frame. We get a text at 1:22 that our table is ready, more than 30-40 mins but no big deal. We get into the restaurant and order food by 1:33pm, we really wanted the lunch/dinner menu but was told it doesn't begin until 2pm and are told that we could go out and wait for 30 minutes if we like....ummm ok....so at 2:15 our food is delivered to our table...so we couldn't just order off of the menu we wanted and wait but our food doesn't arrive until 2:15? Ok...not cool...oh btw there are 3 of us ordered chicken and waffles, Cobb salad and a breakfast burger smh.  Update food was terrible.
1290	0	My friend and I had lunch buffet there since two free buffet vouchers were included in the room package.  However, I wouldn't eat here again even if we get another free buffet offer.  There was very few choices and they all tasted so so.  The ribs were dry and collard green tasted weird.  There was a little fly on the sweet shrimp sushi enjoying its meal. How appeptizing...Normally, dessert section is my favorite,  but the dessert selection was just okay.  If you were to spend $$ on a buffet, Harrah's has a much better deal and their buffet tastes much better!
1018	0	If you're even able to locate the dungeon where this buffet is located you may get to go down and enjoy their less then mediocre food.   I'd say wait maybe 20 minutes before you get food, you don't want to choke on the dry food and your waitress won't be around with a drink until then. Their salad bar was equipped with only the very basics and had nothing special. I could see my reflection in the grease sitting on top of the pizza. And for dessert you either can have cupcakes or cupcakes.   Over all very unpleased and you're honestly  doing yourself an injustice by picking this buffet over any other ones on the strip.
416	1	Came in around 5:30 yesterday and it wasn't as busy like the last  time I came into this restaurant but it was steady. A very friendly young Asian lady had greeted us and had asked us to give her a few minutes to set up a table. From the way it looked there was only a couple servers and the hostess who had greeted us. Our waiter Kevin was amazing and explained everything on the menu. Our food came out in a perfect time and everything that we tried on the menu was amazing. My group and I had oxtail, miyagi, black&green, and the lamb burger.  This place is a must try. Every time I'm in Vegas, I always enjoy their food! Very friendly staff and amazing food.
812	1	Move. the. hell. over, Earl of Sandwich. I found a new late-night lover and it's NY style pizza in Vegas.   My girlfriend raved about this place, while I rolled my eyes and insisted we go to Earl instead. She convinced me and we walked on over after a long night at the Marquee (both conveniently located in the Cosmo) and we were all speechless after our first bite.   We ordered a combo of white cheese, sausage, pepperoni, and mushrooms. I've never been a HUGE fan of pizza, but this thin, wide slice was simple and flawless.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/iCQpiavjjPzJ5_3gPD5Ebg?select=3cIZSbjXqJxr59N_84xHKQ  Do you remember when Leonardo, Michelangelo, Donatello, and Raphael (TMNT) ended their adventure by tearing down a slice of ooey gooey cheese pizza?   WE FELT EXACTLY LIKE THAT (or at least I did).
1535	1	In my humble foodie opinion, Lotus of Siam has the best Thai food in Vegas and possible in the country (based on their food on the menu, not lunch buffet). How did I reach this conclusion?   - Well let's start with the food itself. The food is phenomenon. I have eaten Thai food in so many places and food at LoS is so much better in term of taste,  flavors, spices, and quality. When I slurped the soup, I could tell the sweetness and flavor came from bones/meat  being stewed for hours, and NOT from loads of MSG many other places threw in to mask the sweetness. They seasoned the food so nicely that your tongue can taste the sourness, sweetness, spiciness and all other flavors at the same time without one overtaking others. The quality is always so fresh.  Food cooked here are truly being made with care and fitted for royalty.   - This restaurant used to be hole in the wall kind of restaurant but since expanded out and lookw much nicer inside. This restaurant is also located in a kinda shading commercial center that you normally would not visit if you're familiar with that area. But guess what?  This restaurant is packed every night and you wouldn't believe how many people took taxi and limousines all the way from the strip to dine at this place. There is usually a line waiting outside even before the restaurant is opened for dinner. If you plan to come late, I recommend getting a reservation ahead of time.  - The chef, Saipin Chutima, has won so many awards and is considered one of the best chefs in the country. The restaurant is Zagat rated and so many celebrities and famous chefs dined at this place.  In term of price, I think they are very reasonable for the quality of food you get here. At least here, you truly get what you pay for, unlike some other crappy places in the strip that charge you an arm and a leg for crappy food.   Don't believe me? Go try their dinner menu and you can see/taste for yourself.
1679	1	Was in vegas for the weekend and with one night left, talked with my wife about nice places to go. I was thinking steakhouse, seafood/sushi, etc. Something expensive and fancy on the strip. She said a friend told her about a Thai restaurant(she loves thai and im starting to) that she HAS to go to. She called him to get the name, and we went to Lotus of Siam. Overall, absolutely phenominal. The duck in creamy curry(no clue what its actually called) was the best. Fried rice and garlic prawns great as well. Spent 40-50 on round trip cabs but it was worth it.
1797	1	**VEGAS MUST!** don't waste time & empty tummies on buffets/hotels. Get yourself in here! I'm a big burger person, & this has to be the best burger in Nevada (& maybe even best burger out of Cali!)   Burgers are juicy & absolutely mouthwatering. They don't come w/ fries or a side but make sure you order the GARLIX PARM FRIES! Some complain about the bun being too "oily," but trust me, take a bite first. Service can be a hit or miss here, but the food is well worth it! I ALWAYS make a trip here when I'm in town. Actually, I just recently went twice in a row because my party loved it so much!   Faves: Miyagi, spicy miso, Kiki, Ronin, Kalbi,.. Ugh just all of them. Don't forget the garlic parm fries, oxtail chili cheese fries, & garlic edamame. Yuuum!  Gourmet burger deliciousness, you won't be disappointed. Enjoy!!
730	0	W. T. Freakazoid.  For the price it is not with it.  Service was fast and friendly but the food was lacking flavor and the selection wasn't all that great for a buffet.  The money they ask for would be better spent at one of the regular restaurants (or just spent on drinks at a bar) with a good entree and drink.
1160	1	came here for dinner on Feb 22. when i showed up they were very freindly. told me there was a 10 min delay. so they took us to the bar. we ordered drinks and right before we got them they told us our table was ready. i knew what i wanted before i even walked in there.  that was the beef wellington. but i wasnt just about to order i was going to enjoy the whole experince. the waiter introduced himself and his assistant. gave us the bread and water. $9 a bottle. so it isnt free guys. they showed us all the cuts of beef. they all looked awesome. we ordered and waited a fairly good amount for the food. thankully we ordered the shrimp. that was some good shrimp. delicious. then our orders came in. i received the beef wellington and the wife got the chicken. that thing melted in my mouth. the chicken was great too. the wellington was medium rare. cant wait for another visit.
1249	0	Not impressive. I went here for dinner with 5 other people and the line to pay for our buffets was enormous, but moved quickly. We were seated and a server promptly took our drink order. However, when she got back to the table, she had the diet and regular sodas all mixed up.  The buffet area is set up according different food "cultures": Japanese, Mexican, American, Middle Eastern, etc. Some of the food looked absolutely horrifying. My dad saw them mixing in snow crab legs with the king crab legs. Lots of stuff looked like it had been sitting out for awhile...  I found the only edible food in the Middle Eastern portion of the buffet. It had some couscous and fresh tomatoes sliced in half and topped with some sort of veggie concoction. It also had tandoori chicken and some really good vegetables.  I would avoid most of the meat here. Did not look appetizing at all...   They did have made-to-order crepes at the dessert station; I had a bananas foster crepe and it was pretty good.  Would I pay $30 to eat here again? Heck no. Especially if you can't eat much. If you're going to try this place out anyway, check around for coupons -- we found $5 off coupons available online.
406	0	Meh...food is ok, service removing plates from table was good.  The choices were not that alluring.  In the Latin area there were nacho chips???  I liked the Asian noodles and beef with peppers, and the tiramisu dessert.  My husband enjoyed the prime rib. Neither of us liked the crab legs, they were split in half and didn't have much flavor.  At least, this was included in our stay here at the Mirage.  I would NEVER pay for this buffet.
337	1	Had the sage chicken and it was unique and very tasty.   I was in a hurry and by myself so I sat at the bar.  Service was quick and helpful with suggestions.  It was a little pricey but the portions and quality of food makes up for it.  I will definitely visit again.
1839	1	Awesome place!! I looked this place up in YELP but was a little scared of the neon lighting and drinks shown in the first couple of pictures ONLY because I was traveling with my husband and our eight month old baby. Thought it would be more of a lounge than a restaurant. But I asked over at the Wynn where would they recommend a great restaurant for breakfast and they mention "Peppermill". I was then convinced and headed over. When walking in you can't help but see the neon lights and the purple furnishings. But once you actually sit down and your food comes to the table you enjoy the ambiance with the delicious food. Very good, would recommend and come here again!
1760	1	Super Fast service.....  amazing food. WHY DO WE NOT HAVE THESE IN THE BAY?!?!?  Ugh, totally worth the wait if theres a line....burger buns are like hawaiian rolls (i think) and these cheese fries, omg to die for! totes worth squeezing in the dress you'll have to wear later that night!
480	1	My boyfriend and I's ever so often treat is coming here for a Kobe burger. At $16 it isn't cheap, but we share it (it's a good size), and it's soooo good.   We always add provolone cheese, cheddar cheese, cinnamon bacon, and oyster mushrooms. All delicious and to die for.   They carry some awesome beers (try the Wailea wheat!), and service has always been good. The wait sucks, but there's a reason wy this place always has a wait.
652	0	If you are coming to Vegas as a tourist...please please please do not go to Tao.  You are wasting your time and money.  The food is worse than PF Chang's and probably borderlines with Panda Express.  If you eat dinner in the restaurant they still make you leave the property and re-enter to go into the nightclub and pay full cover.  Once inside the club, it's just horrible music and bouncer telling you that you can't stand or walk anywhere.  It's disgustingly crowded and the staff treats you like crap.  So many better restaurants and nightclub on the strip to choose from.  This place is just living off their name...
1588	1	This was our most anticipated restaurant opening in Las Vegas. Chef Ramsay has been stocking Stations Casinos with winners of Hell's Kitchen, but he hadn't opened one of his own here yet. We've loved his shows (if you're only seeing him on Hell's Kitchen or Kitchen Nightmares, you're missing his best on BBC America.) We own most of his cookbooks and have tried a lot of his meals on our own, but we really wanted to sample some of his creations under the direction of Executive Chef Deric Meininger. We weren't disappointed.  This is where we decided to go for our wedding anniversary. I made reservations a month in advance to make sure we didn't run into any snags. I had flowers waiting for Brenda on the table and her daughter had stopped in one evening to have a bottle of wine waiting as well. Although we had reservations, we still waited a few minutes to be seated. We weren't upset considering how many people were just walking up to the podium and getting turned away because they didn't have reservations.  Once our table was ready, we were walked through the large bar area into the high ceilinged dining room. The first thing we noticed when sitting down (besides the large Union Jack on the ceiling) was that it seemed the music was playing much louder than it needed to be which distracted a bit from the romantic evening. However, by the time the food was served, we hardly noticed it any more. Because this was a special occasion for us, we decided we were really going to splurge on our meals. I really wanted to try the Hell's Kitchen Tasting Menu ($145/person), but there were so many other good things on the menu to try as well I decided to wait until next time for that. While we were ordering they brought out a selection of breads with Devonshire butter topped with black sea salt. The rolls with the pancetta in the center were fantastic. Brenda really wanted to try some of the sauces that were listed with the shellfish platter (tiger prawns, king crab, clams and lobster) so we started with that. When it arrived on a huge platter, we knew we weren't going to be leaving hungry. There was at least two of each type of shellfish and the sauces (especially the champagne mignonette) really brought out the flavors, much better than the regular cocktail sauce you get everywhere else. Our second course was the seared Foie Gras. It came with a delicious puree and was quickly polished off by the two of us.  We both knew we wanted steak with our dinner. Your waiter asks ahead of time whether or not you're having steak and if so, they wheel out this large mirrored display with the various cuts of beef that they serve and explain each one to you. I went with the 32 ounce Royal Long-bone Chop and Brenda ordered the American Kobe Filet. For sides, we had the heirloom carrots, sauted spinach, caramelized Brussels sprouts and the fingerling potatoes. (I said we were splurging.)  While we waited for our food, we ordered another bottle of wine and watched the wait staff in action. They were exactly what you'd expect from a high end restaurant--attentive and polite but never intrusive. When the food arrived, we knew our stomachs were in for some trouble. the filet was probably the perfect size at 8 ounces, but I think I could have beaten someone to death with the long-bone chop because it was so large. Not only was my steak huge, but the side dishes were as well. No spoonful of vegetable/potatoes/whatever here--these are large bowls (at least a full cup or more) of each one. They are definitely meant for sharing. Both steaks were fantastic. Even though the chop was over an inch thick, it was still tender and cooked to the perfect medium rare. the filet was so tender you could cut it with a fork. If there was any disappointment (very little) it would have been the side dishes. The Brussels sprouts were good, but not as good as the ones we cook at home using Chef Ramsay's Christmas Special recipe. I liked the fingerling potatoes, but prefer the ones at GR Pub & Grill a bit more. The spinach was outstanding and it was the only thing that didn't get taken home in a doggie bag. To cap off the dinner we both had cappuccinos and I ordered some Sticky Toffee Pudding after hearing all the raves about it. I don't have a very big sweet tooth and this was just on the border (for me) of being too sweet but it was worth it. The brown butter ice cream that came with it, although sounding strange, was very good and went perfectly with the pudding cake. Luckily the GR Pub & Grill has the toffee pudding on their menu as well so we can find it somewhere without spending so much money.  Overall we had an outstanding meal, service, and experience. The cost was a bit on the high side ($500 for two of us, including two bottles of wine and the tip), but well worth every penny. It's not a place you're going to go to every month, but if you have that special occasion and don't mind spending the money it should be one of your "must visit" food destinations.
305	0	Worst nightclub ever. I was trying to leave when in dark stairwell was attacked by a bouncer. I fought to get free from him. Very scary experience. Did police report all night & nobody cared. Had bruises all over arms & chest. Never heard from nightclub or police again.
1262	0	I should've checked Yelp instead of listening to all the hype. While on vacation there were a few places my friends and I had heard about quite often and wanted to check out - Pink's was one of them. Located right in our hotel, we figured it'd be one of the better places to eat during our trip, but ... not so much.  Maybe it's because I've been spoiled by all the good food here in San Francisco, but Pink's didn't strike me as anything special. Most of the items seemed to be pretty similar, mostly consisting of chili, bacon, onions, cheese, and other meats; not a ton of variety overall. Though I have to say, the portions-to-price ratio was pretty good - you get a gigantic, filling meal for about $10 or so, and unless you have a monstrous appetite you won't need a second hot dog.  As for the food itself? Average. Even though most of my friends and I were feeling ravenous I think only one out of nine of us managed to finish, and it wasn't really because of how filling the hot dogs were. Sure, they're packed to the brim with condiments and other things, but it's mostly standard fare. I actually felt kind of sick and bloated for a few hours afterward, and I certainly didn't feel like finishing the leftovers after looking at it later than day.  Unfortunately for people thinking they'll get to sit indoors and have a hot dog in an AC-dominated environment, the only seating is outdoors in the hot, hot Vegas sun, with only a few tables sitting underneath a bit of shade. It's a pretty small location, so if it's crowded you might just want to bring everything back to your room instead. It'll be less messy that way anyway.  Overall I don't think Pink's met the hype at all. Perhaps because the original is in Los Angeles and not in Vegas, and in addition I've had better hot dogs at local joints (sorry!). It's probably worth a stop if you're in Vegas, but don't go there expecting the best hot dog you've ever had. You'll only set yourself up for disappointment in the end.
935	0	Being a west coaster all my life I was of course excited to try the infamous White Castle.  Boy was I disappointed, probably the worst fast food I've ever had. The sliders were disgusting and the chicken rings we are par with the frozen dinosaur chicken nuggets my nephew eats.
1759	1	All I can say about this place is HUGE portions that can be shared with a lot of people. Gotta try their famous Andy's sage waffle and chicken. That sucker is huge and inside the waffle, it has bits of bacon. Yes, I said bacon. Bacon lovers get the chicken and waffle!  Every time I go here I always get good service and nothing bad seems to happen. They have set hours for breakfast/lunch and dinner. They close for about 2 and a half hours to get their dinner situated.   Very good place to eat your heart out. Go there hungry.
320	1	We waited 25 minutes for a table and is worth every minute!they make u feel comfortable while your waiting.u can gamble n have a drink while you wait and they announce it over the loud speaker.it was cool!and nice!the french toast was amazing and the bavon melted on your mouth.it was soooo yummy!there portions are huge!i will come back to the peppermill  everytime im here for sure!
1060	1	Went here for the first time and it was great!  Dining experience - 5/5 I mean it's KBBQ/Yakiniku style so you cook everything yourself which is always fun and awesome because you can control how you want your beef/steak done   Taste- 5/5 they have a variety of meats/seafood/vegetables you could throw on the grill including Kobe style beef which just melts in your mouth  Cost-4/5 not bad the only pricey item was the Kobe style beef which is ok, could be a little cheaper (comes with 5-6 slices=$21.95) they also catch you on the little things you'd expect to be included with your meal (sauces, rice, etc. they do come with complimentary small side dishes like kimchi, mac salad, etc.)   All in all it was great! Also if you were to write a Yelp review you get a free desert!
760	0	Terrible. Used to be the diamond in the rough every year up until this yearly trip.   They reduced the cost of dinner to 28 dollars but the food selection is now half of what it used to be  Also, at the start of dinner at around 530pm one would expect fresh food, but most of it had the 4 hour under a dry heat lamp look to it.  Asked our server why the food looked stale and he said it shouldn't.. Ill pass it along to the manager *rollseyes*  Lastly food quality dramatically dropped. Save your money and goto McDonald's instead for better food quality
687	1	I'm pretty sure Shake Shack of all places doesn't need my review, but I am going to do it anyways!  In lieu of waiting in the insane lines for the Hollywood location, I waited patiently to have my first bite of shake Shack during our Las Vegas vacation.  I'm glad I did because, being on the strip and surrounded by hundreds of other dining destinations, we didn't have to wait in a crazy line.   I chose the Double Shack Burger and cheese fries for my first Shack experience and I believe I chose right!  The burger was cooked perfectly and the flavors were really good.  I will say that the burger had a striking flavor resemblance to Wendy's though.  I'm not sure how to feel about that, but at the same time, I love Wendy's too!  With that said, fast food can never compare to the quality of burger that Shake Shack produced.  I still don't think I will battle the lines in Hollywood to get another burger, but it is my hope that they expand closer to my town so I can enjoy their food more often, without having to make a trip out of it.
705	1	This is the best food I have ever eaten...  The parking lot is a bit sketchy...watch out for bums.    Service is pretty good.  If you plan to eat here on a weekend or when during the tech conventions, you will need to get a reservation.    You can't go wrong with anything on the menus.   Good selection for vegans.
599	0	Disgusting!!!! It was gross. They were rude!! & tried to make my husband pay $25 more because we are from NY & because conservation fee for the water.  (We pointed it out & they took it off) i got terribly sick the next day! & we were on our honeymoon please I'm begging you don't go there. & the sangria is not sangria its juice has no alcohol in it!!!!
1975	1	Amazing all around. We made reservations 2 months in advanced and now I know why it was so important. This place was packed so be prepared, but they seated us quickly, brought our drinks and food quickly and we all left with a smile. We ordered 13 entrees and all shares Bc we've just heard such great things. The coconut curry with crispy duck, garlic sea bass, pad Thai, green curry, beef and coconut peanut sauce, garlic prawns, soft shell crab drunken noodle and pineapple fried rice were just a few I could remember and it was all phenomenal. Looking forward to coming back here and sharing the experience with whoever I'm with!
1420	0	Came here with a 2-4-1 MyVegas coupon for brunch so the price was great, but the food was okay and service was spotty at best.   Large assortment for brunch, especially for dessert. The sushi before 10am freaked me out so I steered clear. Nothing was all that memorable from this meal except for the poor service (I had to get up and ask the waiters standing around chatting to get a refill on drinks).
1036	1	Ate there for lunch today.  The food was so amazing!  The fried rice and sour pork appetizer was a bit spicy for my wife, but I found it delectable.  We also had the crispy duck with drunken noodles, the title speaks for itself!  Service was great, and it was not busy as we hit at the end of the lunch rush.  I'll be sure to go back next time I'm in town!
83	1	One of the best New York style pizzas I've ever had. This place really is a secret in that it's probably impossible to find unless you ask someone. It's down this remote corridor with no signage or anything. There was also a bit of a line, but boy the pizza was worth every minute of the wait.  The slices are a decent size and the flavor is awesome. the crust is beautifully crispy. I would eat the crust by itself as a loaf of bread. That's the secret to an awesome pizza in the first place. Add to that flavorful fresh ingredients and you have a winner.  Just an FYI - don't expect a restaurant type setting. There are a couple of bar stools, but basically it's a take it to go type of place. Again, the win is in the food itself. Really good.  I highly recommend Secret Pizza to anyone visiting the Vegas Strip.
419	0	SBC VEGAS SERIES: 6 of many reviews Where to eat where to eat? I remember back in the day that this used to be reputedly the best buffet in Vegas.... hmmmmmm  People wake me up to head downstairs for some grub... a lil too much grub. I finally realized why I gave up buffets in the first place.. i can't stop knowing that there's more and more for the taking. Grant it there is a lot of food... enough food for days of binging. They got asian, mexican, italian, and then some. Looks like one of the the boats off of Dangerous Catch off loaded here.   But honestly, i wasn't that excited by it all. Nothing really grabbed me by the taste buds and kicked me in the face. I am much more about quality than quantity... most of the time that is. The most appetizing item in the whole place walked out as i walked in wearing next to nothing in 2 inch stilletos.  *sigh of resignation o_0
507	1	I was introduced to this place by a friend while i lived in vegas for almost a decade. Located inside Mandalay Bay it is in their upstairs shopping area and has a great atmosphere. Service was great and booths are nice and roomy and four of us adults sat comfortably in there.  Burgers were great as were the sides and drinks. I ordered a custom made burger which does add up when you start piling on things like pineapple and different cheeses. Also added some foie gras to my burger which was delish.  The only gripe i have which i assume has nothing to do with the restaurant itself is that Yelp* has this as a $$ which i think it should be a $$$ considering there cheapest burger is in the $19 range. Other than that i have always had a great experience there and now that i live out of state Burger Bar is a must whenever i go to Las Vegas which is usually twice a year.
333	1	WOW. This place which is located in the middle of a huge strip mall took my breath away. The minute my friend and I walked in to the restaurant after a long day of walking on Las Vegas Blvd, were surprised to see how big this place was inside. It was about 5:30 in the evening and half the tables were already taken. By the time we finished our dinner, an hour later, the restaurant was full.   Inside, there is a room with a huge selection of wines. The two seating areas were nicely done, typical to most Thai restaurants. The menu had good selection of authentic Thai food and French/American wine. The fried rice that I ordered with basil, tofu and vegetables was done right. The flavors were adequate and of good taste. Fried rolls for appetizer were standard fare but not too fried which is good. Just the right amount of crisp. The frozen banana dessert tasted good just like at most Thai restaurants.   Lotus of Siam is a local Yelp favorite and as you can see from the other reviews, its averages a little over 4 stars. Great place with great food and service.
1630	0	There is nothing special about this place. Read the Yelp Reviews and trust them! Do not come here! Harold and Kumar promoted this place like no other so everyone had to come try them, I was one of those people.  The sliders are worse than the ones sold in the frozen foods section. It is small and will fit into the size of your palm. The bread was slightly warm and soggy. The patty was dry. The small pickle was lying naked alongside small speckles of onions. It was not tasty at all. I had to squeeze a full bag of ketchup on it to give it life. For a dollar something each, I would rather walk myself to a McDonalds and order something off the dollar menu.  My boyfriend and I decided to come here because it was 5am and he was starving. Shake Shack and Rasising Canes were both closed so White Castle it was. The next morning, my boyfriend and I woke up with bad tummyaches. Luckily, our hotel had two bathrooms....
160	0	my friends and i stayed @ T.I. last week and and while waiting for our check in we went  to eat at my first Vegas buffet.  Ive had better "free school lunch" food! the only saving grace to this place was the dessert station, and the only standout there was the  Mini Crme brle
161	0	I've been to Tao about 6 times in the past 2.5 years and I've always wondered...what is the big deal?  Yes, the venue itself is pretty sweet...but pack it in with hundreds of sweaty people? Not so crazy about it.  The first time I came to Tao, I had a blast. The second time was great as well, and it just manages to go down hill from there.  The club is large and has several levels, a huge dance floor and a few different rooms to explore.  Not to mention Tao Beach that they managed to slap on the last couple of years.  It ended up just being an extra line to stand in getting in and out of Tao Beach.  Tao, to me, is an overrated, over-crowded club that isn't worth the hassle.  There are TONS of promoters for the club...and if you manage to walk around the Venetian during the day without getting hassled by one, I'll give you $1.  I think the endless lines and lists and eager club goers to get into this club is because of the promoters and the name itself.  So bravo! The people over at Tao accomplished what they were going for.  However, aside from the cool Asian-influenced decor and the HOT rose petal girls sitting in bath tubs, nothing else makes the club super worthwhile.  The crowd is about a B to B+, though the more people they let in, the scale starts to slide down a little.  Who would I recommend the club to? Co-workers I don't like.  It's just way too damn crowded.
562	0	We chose to go here the day after the Las Vegas marathon because Mexican is always a good day after race meal because it's filling and we are usually starving.   I know it's Vegas and all but the fact that they want you to pay $4 to start off for chips and salsa is a bit crazy especially given that it's a Mexican restaurant. We ordered margaritas and I have to say that this was the worst $13 margarita I have ever had. It tasted so sicky sweet that it was undrinkable. It was almost as if it was all simple syrup mix and no alcohol.   We ordered the steak nachos and thankfully the waitress was wise enough and kind enough to tell us that the nachos would be enough to feed both of us. Boy was she right! We are by no means gals who eat like birds and these nachos could have easily fed 3 of us. So if you want to get your money's worth definitely order the Nachos. There is a nice heaping of guacamole on the top of these which is some decent guac but they are lacking in sour cream - there's very little drizzled across it. (I asked for some extra but it never showed up.) When we asked for some salsa for the nachos we were told it would be an additional $4.  Guys you'll be happy to know that the girls are dressed in a "bad girl" theme and are all pretty attractive. Our waitress was nice enough but the service was still lacking. I'm not sure where in Vegas the other Mexican places are but there has to be something better.
1543	1	Amazing!!!!! Great service, delicious food. If you are in the area you must try this place out. Skillets, omelette are very good. Fresh baked muffins are delish. We found this place last year and heading out to Vegas this weekend, for sure we will be stoping by.
995	1	Best Korean food in Vegas....PSY would agree!!! My brother and I ordered the Meat Lover and a side of romain lettuce...we are both big eaters and still had food left over!!  Free dessert was a bonus!!  Make rezzies as we waited 1.5 hours on a Wednesday!  Worth the wait though!!
1490	0	This place looked like it had potential- but it fell quite flat-as do most Mexican places on  the Strip seem to!  The wait to be seated was long- yet there were plenty of open seats. The wait staff we dealt with- while not outright rude were not overly friendly. And the food was only so-so when considering the price.  There is a much better Mexican place just down the street by the Fashion Show- I suggest them over this place.
772	1	Peppermill ended up being the place that most surprised me in Vegas, I wasn't really sure what to expect but now I recommend this place to anyone I talk to who is planning a trip to Vegas.   We came during the afternoon brunch so my I don't have anything to say about the Fireside Lounge [except that I really want to try it out next time].   We came at a pretty random time, like 2 pm or something on a weekday and were quickly sat. The best way I can describe the interior is that it is like an old fashioned diner with a modern twist, it is colored blue, pink and purple! One thing I noticed is that it seemed well maintained and clean, unlike many old school diners and other places on the strip.   Service was prompt and friendly, checked on us the right amount of times while also letting us pig out in peace.   There were many many things I wanted to try on the menu but I opted for an omelet, it hit the spot and was a TON of tasty food. I definitely recommend this place for food after you have been walking the strip all day and have worked up an appetite. The price was more than reasonable for the amount of food you get and we all left stuffed and happy. We also left with a complimentary souvenir photo of our group - fun touch!   It is a fairly simple looking place from the outside during the day which could make it easy to miss, it is up on the northern part of the strip sorta near Circus Circus.   If you are looking for an affordable place to stuff your face in Vegas - definitely try the Peppermill!
1452	1	Been wanting to come here. Boy...was everything good. The waiters there are all good looking and thin. Lol Anywho..the food was yummy. Was here with my sis and we shared maui onion rings, farm burger, and the fresh roasted chili dawg. Definitely would come back.
921	1	I finally made it back to Bouchon and this time for brunch. It was the best breakfast I had on this trip...er, although I as subject to convention food breakfast, so relatively speaking it honestly doesn't take much to be a best breakfast.  That's not to say the food was bad. No, it was very very good.  Our waiter, whose name I do not recall sadly, led us through some recommendations that we were very happy with.  * Sweetbreads to start. Mmm, glands. It was on the specials chalkboard. * Pan roasted trout, piled with vegetables. With clear eyes on the fish head. Fresh! * Chicken and waffles. Yummy. Is it really French? Do I care?  And lots of coffee.   Definitely the priciest of breakfasts, and worth it.  We admired the selection of absinthe at the bar, and also the good beers on tap.   I couldn't really feel any "food magic" in the space. It felt like the typical good food decadence I feel in the strip area of Vegas.  But if I can walk into a restaurant, see the food I'm eating, and dine without hearing the endless bings and bonks of casino machines, I'm pretty happy. Service and food can't be faulted for anything, for my experience. But I was bummed that the people at two small tables nearby me seemed unhappy. One duo effectively dined alone, as their food arrived 15 minutes apart and there was never a time they had food together on the table. Another, um, gererously portioned couple seemed unhappy with the size of their meals.  Since casinos are probably not very far away from handing out collectible feed sacks to strap to our faces in the buffets, I leave it to the latter couple to sort out what best meets their dining expectations.  For the former, the management came and resolved the issue as best they could and I admire the duo for leaving the waiter a very generous tip, as the timing of the food preparation was not his fault.  I've done a dinner here, as well as a brunch. It was very good, but I probably don't need to return for a meal. Bouchon has kind of blown its wad and I don't get the impression that an encore is necessary. Maybe for some absinthe, or a pastry from the bakery.
502	0	I have eaten at places in Vegas that are pretty bad, but I haven't found a place that serves absolutely inedible food...until last night. The food here is HORRIBLE. I ordered the pad thai...and what do I receive? Something that resembles chinese chow fun, but tastes like plaster. It didn't even remotely taste like pad thai...or chow fun for that matter. My fiancee ordered the char shiu noodle soup. ALSO inedible. The noodles weren't even close to being fully cooked and were still HARD. The broth was sooooo salty...Morton's called them and is asking for their salt back. My friend ordered the chicken fried rice. The rice wasn't even fully steamed before frying so it tasted like pieces of gravel. I can't believe the Bellagio would allow a product like this to be sold on their property. I will never go back again. That place was complete ASS. (and expensive!)  Oh, and no refills on soda? What the hell is that???
48	0	I came here mostly because I had a buy one get one free coupon for cocktails. The disclaimer says under 9 dollars... Too bad there are 0 cocktails for under 12 dollars so I just stuck with a water.   My girlfriend got a wet burrito and she ate just a bit because it was "way too dry". How does that happen with a wet burrito?   I ordered a BBQ pulled pork. It was the worst thing I've ever had in my life. It had drown in so much sweet BBQ sauce that chewing it down was almost torture. The sweet fries are on par with Applebee's. I was looking forward the corn on the cob for a nice crunch but it was actually soggy like it was dropped in a puddle. I've honestly never heard of soggy corn. Was this done on purpose? How do you mess up that bad?  The best part was watching some drunk kid sing karaoke from my sticky table.  Instead of going to the casino after, I just went up to my room.  I'm actually writing this from my toilet. Wish me luck.
806	0	2 1/2 stars.  The good: I was here for a convention, so the hotel being so close to the action was a plus. The monorail station out back is tremendously convenient, and the room I had (1520) was spacious and had a great view of a nearby golf course, the Stratosphere, and Fremont Street off in the distance.  The bad: It's so far removed from the hustle and bustle of the Strip. The monorail becomes your best friend if you stay here. The lack of electrical outlets in the room is an issue, there were what appeared to be cigarette burns in the rug by the closet, and the bath had a drip I couldn't quite stop. Also, I do gamble a bit, and whenever I walked by, the casino floor looked DEAD.  We were only here for a night. It did the job, and there were some positives to note. That said, I probably wouldn't stay here again unless it was for another convention.
1267	1	This was a great dining experience. Although the wait was long (about 1.5 hours for a party of 7), the food and staff made up for it.  We got the fries, jalapeo poppers, and their creme brle milkshake on top of the burgers.  I got the Euro Burger but all of them looked amazing.   The staff was friendly and fun and made our experience enjoyable!
286	0	I went here so that I could talk crap about the waiter, but he wasn't even mean!  He just basically ignored us.  I wanted to get into verbal disagreements with someone.  -1 for crappy ribs -1 for no plate -1 for long wait -1 for no paper hat -1 for being expensive  Never coming back here ever again unless its free.
1788	0	$18 for the quality and flavor of a Grand Slam. Average breakfast plate price is $22. One of those places that looks busy and worthy because of the central location. Service was absolutely pathetic on a slow day. One of our friend's got his food wrong, the server made her way over 10 minutes later just to say, "I put it in right! It wasn't my fault!" How professional. Took 15 minutes to get greeted, 25 to put food in, and after meal, 20 minutes with dirty plates in front of us waiting for the check. The server grabbed our cards and continued to run food and greet other tables, taking another 15 minutes to return with our check. I am a server who was with a cook and a bartender. I can fairly say do not waste your money. Wait twice as long for a bang out breakfast at Hash House A Go Go.
1678	0	LAME....  As a hot dog connoisseur, I was pissed that I came here. Mainly because it's hyped up so much and did not deliver in the slightest.   Compared to Capital Dawg in Sacramento, I was NOT impressed.   I ordered a dog with pastrami and mustard. The mustard was all I tasted and the pastrami was weak and hell. No salty goodness, just sliced meat with no flavor.   What a bummer. Guess I've got to stick to Capital Dawg and Costco to get my fixes!
127	1	I am still salivating over the delicious meal I had here!    Starters: my 3 college buddies and I shared the beer battered maui onion rings (the best onion rings I've ever had) along with the truffle parmesan fries.  The portions were so generous we didn't even finish them!   Milkshake: I didn't even know pudding on top of a milkshake could be a thing but oh boy does it take this icy treat to the next level!  I opted for Shake #4 (crme brle pudding + oreo shake + oreo cookie) and it was so delicious that I inhaled it in record time.  It was one of those genius concoctions in which I wish it was in a bottomless glass.  Word of advice: use the large straw they give as a way to scoop up every last drip of pudding   Burger: I've had so many incredible burgers from the East to the West Coast that I wasn't expecting to be as blown away by the Hell's Kitchen Burger as I was! They grind the patty blend onsite and this leads to the most flavorful and juicy burger you could ever imagine.  Add in the asadero cheese, roasted jalapeo peppers, avocado, and oven roasted tomato and you have one of the most flavorful culinary experiences of all-time.
219	1	My husband and I went there on 2/19/2014, our last "full" night in Vegas this past trip.  I always wanted to try it but noticed it was rather pricey so I wanted to see what the consensus was before dishing out big bucks.  It was well worth the price though that's for sure.  We are already thinking about what we are going to order the second time around.  Our waiter was Dennis, don't recall the assistant's name but they were both nice.  We did wait a little bit though, which if the prior reviews didn't boast about the excellent service I probably would not have noticed and would have chalked it up to them being very busy.  Prior reviews were correct about the bread selection- all very good.  The salt on the butter was the BOMB!  We skipped appetizers and opted to save room for dessert.  My husband ordered the bone-in rib eye and I had the American rib cap.  For our sides we selected the mac/cheese and the truffle fingerling potatoes.  Let me just say- I could have just had the sides as my entree because they were both excellent.  Rich and decadent.  I almost felt guilty eating them.  But they were so good.  And let me say the day after they were just as good.  The American Rib cap, which I never heard of before, was excellent.  8 ounces seemed small but it was packed with flavor and with the sides, well I couldn't finish it.  That too tasted good the day after.  My husband's rib-eye although BIG was just alright.  Meaning we've had bone-ins before.  His had a little more gristle than we prefer so he's thinking he'll go with the rib cap next time.  For dessert, we went with the sticky toffee pudding even though I was a little reluctant after trying the one at BurGR- it was a little too sweet for my taste.  But the one here, at the steak place, was excellent.  It wasn't too sweet at all.  We are ready to go back on our next trip.
1702	1	Delicious, off the wall breakfasts in HUGE portions, make this a place to check out. To give you an idea of what I mean by "off the wall", how about a 24oz. can of Budweiser served in a brown paper bag? Yep, it's on the menu. The Bloody Mary's are huge & tasty. Just a fun place to take people for breakfast. But be ready to wait, this place is ALWAYS poppin'!
712	0	Worse Customer Service PERIOD! Never come back here again! From front desk to Manager they are all rude. We got the luxury  room booked with 2 double bed. They gave us King bed and my mom end up sleeping on folding bed. Talk to the manager if she can move us to another said NO. Once you get a room, you will never able to move to another room. When we got in the room, the bath tub has 2 long hair! DO NOT BELIEVE the Hotel Amenities: saying they have Sauna, Steam room. NO,  THEY DO NOT HAVE THOSE. I would recommend downtown hotels or the expensive hotels.
1997	1	Best Restaurant in Vegas.... Maybe the whole world actually! (Bold statement but I feel it's warranted!)  We arrived around 8:20pm and there wasn't a table available for over an hour. As it was just the two of us, we decided to sit by the bar which is full service with no wait time. I would like to add that we tried to book a table earlier in the day but after being given the number to the casino, then the hotel, we gave up and decided to head on over once we were hungry. Anyway suffice to say if you would prefer a table I would definitely recommend booking, it was jam packed all night. (No wonder!!)  So to start.... The bar tender Oscar is bloody brilliant!!! Friendly, professional and very knowledgable. My husband had a beer and I got a custom made strawberry daiquiri with 1/3 alcohol because I really am a lightweight.   This was hands down the most delicious, we'll made, perfectly balanced cocktail I have ever had in my life. I'm only 32 years old but my gosh, I have been waiting for a drink to love my whole life and now I have found it! The strawberry and lemon mixed beautifully with the gin and then the hint of basil brings it all together!! Seriously. Worth every penny and I kinda wish we could have an oscar clone in our house to teach us how to make perfect drinks!  As we are perusing the menu some delightful breads came out... Still warm.. With a lovely butter. I'm British and my husband is American and our taste buds often differ but we were both delighted! The breads were absolutely divine and a lovely selection.   We shared the pork belly to start - 10/10! I can really appreciate a well cooked pork belly and this was melt in the mouth delicious!  The onion and jam that was served with the pork was perfect. If you had seen us you would have seen the pure joy with every bite. This sounds like an exaggeration doesn't it? It's not. If anything there aren't the words to describe how wonderful it was!   For the main meal I had the lamb duet and my husband had the beef Wellington, guess how they tasted? That's right yelp land. Bloody perfect! America doesn't offer enough lamb dishes if you ask me... Delighted to see that Gordon is offering a traditional British dish (shepherds pie & lamb chops) and taken them to the next level!  I'm confident the beef Wellington  was a delicious as my husband reports -- although my lamb was so good I didn't take a bite of his at all!    We ended out perfect meal with a cheese plate and a delightful sticky toffee pudding. Good on Gordon for adding such a staple British pudding to his menu and elevating it to such a high standard! We were audibly satisfied after the first bite - the ooh and ahh that we made during our meals showed the staff how amazed we were.   My husband rounded off the meal with  johnnie walker blue label neat - and it was the perfect end to the perfect meal.   What else? We have covered the food (to clarify: amazing, 10/10, delicious, perfectly cooked and seasoned and presented) .... Let's go with the extras.   Ambience: yes. It's dark and it's loud. Noticed that some other yelpers moaned about the music being too loud.... It is loud but I much prefer hearing some inoffensive music to the sound of other diners chatting!   Staff: I would totally recommend sitting at the bar. I already mentioned how lovely and awesome Oscar is. There was also Tracy and Paul. Both as magnificent and polite and professional. What a quality team! They look clean and tidy and we'll presented (off topic but.... Tracy is beautiful with some wonderful eyebrows!!) they were attentive and not overbearing which is a very fine line being at the bar. I appreciated that they kept our water topped up.   Restrooms: so clean and tidy. I also liked that I was shown to them when asked, rather than being pointed through the crowds.   merchandise: there is a selection of items for sale, displayed very well in the wine rack. I have NEVER in my life bought a tshirt from a restaurant but I will be gladly adorning my Gordon tee, and if they had the red one in men's sizes, my husband would have too.   Overall: I am pretty picky. I am hard to please. I turned to my husband half way through the meal and said - when have I ever loved every single thing about a meal? His reply? Never in your life. THATS right! never before have I been so impressed with a restaurant. We spent $350 and I would happily spend it again tomorrow if we weren't leaving! My husband is going to be away for a year and leaves at the beginning of June. This is our goodbye date in vegas and and this night absolutely made the trip. I am coming back to vegas in  a few weeks to meet with family from the UK and if they don't want to come, I will happily dine at the bar alone. It's that good!   Excellent service Excellent food Value for money Amazing amazing amazing!   My husband and I are pretty big Gordon fans given that he is bloody brilliant! but now? He's pretty much our favorite ever!
1200	0	I came here recently on a HOT Tuesday night.  It was 99 degrees outside.  My friends and I were visiting from out of town, and after dinner, we decided to go to Serendipity 3.  We were curious about the hype.  We walked over to Ceaser's, and saw the line for ordering outside.  It was LONG.  We also placed our name for a seat inside...we were informed that it would be about a thirty minute wait.  We decided to sit instead.  and we got seated outside.  We decided to share a Double Frozzzen Hot Chocolate for 2 ($15! and there were 3 of us).  The double frozen hot chocolate comes with a scoop of chocolate ice cream and hot chocolate.  When we got it - we were disappointed with the size.  It seemed pretty small for $15.  It tasted like...chocolate milk, with chunks of ice.  We drank it quickly, since we were seated outside and it was hot.  HOWEVER, the next day, we went to a buffet and hat the frozen chocolate hot custard.  IT TASTED EXACTLY THE SAME.  Save your money - it's not really worth the hype...or money.
1041	1	We almost didn't try this place but I am so happy we did! Possibly because I had this thought in my head that Thai food can't be much different from the many places that we already tried back home in Hawaii...or maybe it was because my friend who introduced us to some of our favorite Thai food places back home didn't care for this place much.  I am so glad that we ended up here regardless of the reasons pointing elsewhere because I really really enjoyed it. Since they are   LOCATED near the airport (South side of the strip). It was convenient and the timing was right.   FOOD - GREAT - We always order the same food items when trying a new Thai restaurant for the first time. It's basically so I can compare the taste. It's also our favorite dishes.   Egg Roll/Spring Roll - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lotus-of-siam-las-vegas?select=lEMdN1ShZ1X41uUUg83JTQ#30s9CUJHF-BaOe0FWkX9nQ I asked for Spring Roll and he said they call it egg roll here. This confused me as I always thought that Vietnamese and Thai call theirs spring rolls but he said they don't use the rice paper wrap. Didn't matter, I enjoyed it. Rice paper wrap, egg dough..whatever... it came out hot, it was crispy and had great filling.   Pad Thai Noodle W/Chicken - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lotus-of-siam-las-vegas?select=lEMdN1ShZ1X41uUUg83JTQ#skkyJU6psgsiM0M_AqMO9g I was very impressed with this dish. The noodles did not stick together, it was not too oily, and it had a very rich and strong peanut flavor. It also had the right amount of acidity to balance out the richness. This was one of the better pad Thai dishes that I have eaten.   Panang Curry W/Beef - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lotus-of-siam-las-vegas?select=lEMdN1ShZ1X41uUUg83JTQ#LhgLajbztEVV4jVr_ggEvQ We normally order panang curry or yellow curry but lately we been choosing panang more than yellow. Probably because panang is richer and creamier in flavor, and that is exactly what we got with this dish. They don't give a lot but you don't need a lot since this dish is packed with flavor.    Spice levels are based on a scale of 1-10 and we got level 7. This is about as high as I would like it to go here. Any higher and it would have probably killed the taste for me.   The ENVIRONMENT here was very pleasant. Although it was very crowded, we didn't feel claustrophobic because they have lots of tables and are properly spaced out. The size of this place is a pretty decent size. We were even able to bring in our stroller.   The SERVICE is good. As soon as we entered our hostess took us to a table to accommodate our stroller. A huge plus in my book. Our server also had proper knowledge and took care of us in a timely manner. I just wish he would have been a little happier but I can't dock them just on that.   The OVERALL price for the quality of food here is totally worth it. I enjoyed the entire experience and I have to give this place 5 stars.
1965	1	The food is great along with the customer service.  When you go there you have to try their banana nut muffins they are the best. It is not overpriced and you will get a lot of food for your money.  Friends come to visit and I have recommended this place to others and they too enjoyed it.
57	0	If you get this worthless one for 10 bucks  It may still be a bad deal . got it for 20 from half price tickets.please find another buffet to goto.bad food.mediocre taste.reminded me a of a family run Chinese hotel.mind you Chinese options suck as well
116	1	This was my second visit and I was just as pleased as the first.  We found Lotus of Siam via a new acquaintance last time we were in Vegas.  We were unable to get a reservation (the history on my phone shows 27 attempted calls, all of which received a busy signal), so we showed up at 5:20 on a Friday night.  They open at 5:30, and we were not the first in line.  We walked in right after the door opened, got a great table, and enjoyed a fabulous meal and glass of wine.    I am gluten-free, and have been pleased that they will accommodate different preparations of certain dishes to meet that dietary need.    Their wine list is impressive, and not ridiculously overpriced.  When we left a little after 6:30 every table was full, the vestibule was packed, and several diners were waiting outside (yes, in the skeezy strip mall).  The moral of the story is that this place is worth the stop, even at what many would consider the "Senior" dining hour.
1361	1	I vacillated between four and five stars for this place due to the fact that when I hold it up to all of the restaurant experiences and food I have had, it fits more into a four star but when I compare it to other Vegas dining experiences, it is a clear five so five it is!  Basically, it is just a really nice place with a great menu, superb service, and delicious food.  We started with oysters on the half shell which were excellently shucked and wonderfully fresh. Moved to two salads, one with blue cheese and walnuts, the other with warm goat cheese over dressed greens which were both executed well and were complimented with fresh chewy delicious bread.   For entrees, my husband had the lamb and I had the chicken. We also opted for sides of mushrooms and mac and cheese. Everything was excellent however the mushrooms were over salted. Considering this wasn't a theme in the meal, I won't hold it against them.   All of this was accompanied with a nice and inexpensive bottle of white wine which was served and presented as if it was a $300 bottle. That kind of service is always an indicator of a well run restaurant and an attentive staff. Overall cost of the meal was expensive but very, very fairly priced for when we got.   After visiting a wide array of places in Vegas, I would recommend this place as a must!
1175	0	Save Yourselves!!!!!!  The only reason for 2 stars is that their Coconut Margarita was so yummy that I promised myself I wouldn't give Cabo Wabo only 1 star.  But really....they're only deserving of 1 star....Cabo Wabo serves Tex Mex food....how can ANY Tex Mex taste bad?  Well, Cabo Wabo does it!   I ordered the fish tacos...but they were out of them!  So then I ordered the shrimp tacos....and again they were out of them!  But somehow they had the shrimp quesadillas, so that's what I went with.  What I got were these WET triangle things, that had no shrimp and basically just alot of wet cheese.  It was disgusting.  I couldn't eat it....and I eat anything Tex Mex.    IF you come to Cabo Wabo (and I would really think hard about it) my advice is to just sit at the bar and have a couple margaritas.  Thankfully they don't screw that up.  Don't eat here though.  Eat your Mexican at Dos Caminos at Palazzo or Pink Taco at Hard Rock.
18	1	A new Must when visiting Las Vegas!!  The food was absolutely delicious!! And the portions were extremely generous. The staff was very friendly and very attentive. Our server Earl made sure we were well taken care of as well as Carole Ann. Definitely coming back!
715	0	DISGUSTING!!!! If it wasn't for the Spa Trade Show, I would have not stayed there. Convenient to the Convention Center, I thought I would stay here the first night and when a coworker came the following day, we would stay at the Renaissance next door.  The rooms look like it hasn't been remodeled since the 80's, okay, I'm okay with just a comfy bed and a TV., since I was alone the first night, I wasn't planning to have a wild night in Vegas. I wanted to order room service and call it a night. Room service food was horrible. When you order a chocolate Milk Shake and the whip cream that sits on the top is still floating completely in tact the following morning, you wonder what it was made of. Don't bother to ask for a Non-Smoking room, even though you may have one, doesn't mean your next door neighbor is, to wake up to the smell of smoke is not how I want to start my morning. BUT... the worse fear came that morning. Sitting on the royal thrown, what do I have stare at first thing in the morning a HUGE COCKROACH was staring me by my feet. Flipped out, jumped on the bed, the thing decided to follow me to across the room. It was like the roach was pissed I was in it's room.  I packed all my stuff and checked out at 9:30 A.M. walked across to the Marriott and sat in the coffee bar for an hour until my co- worker showed up. I'm okay with roughing it, but this was way too much!
366	1	This place is a truly unique experience!  First of all you have to try the Pineapple Tea. If you go and do not try this beverage you're soul will forever be missing a piece.  Next, the burgers are a pleasant mix of barbecue flavor and tender juicy beef patty. Not only are they super delicious but they are also very decent sized. They do come a la carte so I ordered a side of edamame and can I just tell you how satisfying it was to order and enjoy a great plate of edamame at a burger joint?  So much yes.
1596	0	Yuck.   If you like fatty, greasy, tasteless food, this is for you. The experience started with the long wait. Once we were seated, the service was horrendous.  We go out to eat a lot and have a solid understanding of good service, this was awful.  Angry, frustrated staff. No smile, barely a hello. When asked for recommendations on the menu, she pointed to one section of the menu and said this is all good.   We ordered:  Hong Kong Noodles: Came out as crispy noodles with shrimp, fat dripping in oil, just lard, yuck. XO Green Beans: We expected spicy green beans and these were a big disappointment due to lack of any flavor or any spices. Noodle Soup: Name started with an L (cant remember full name) was the only semi-flavorful item. It was in coconut milk with noodles and chicken. Decent, and actually tasty. The chicken however did not look like real chicken, must be imitation. Beef with Asparagus: Not good, not spicy, also greasy and definitely not worth $21.  We sent the Hong Kong Noodles back, we couldn't send back everything obviously, that would be too much. They still tried to slip us the check with the noodles though and when we objected she said we'd have to talk to the manager (keep in mind, this restaurant is in BELLAGIO), after a stare down to the manager they adjusted the bill.  We live in San Francisco and are used to good quality Chinese food and excellent service. We have no qualms to pay good money for good service and good food. However, this place was a huge disappointment.  Would never recommend and will never come back.
1565	1	Chef's burger?  Delicious. Sweet potato fries with cinnamon honey something?  Sweet 'n tasty. Deep fried mac & cheese?  The undergrad in me was drooling. Hazelnut nutella milkshake?  I will take 8 lactaids because you cannot keep me away from it!  I haven't had a milkshake in ages (stupid lactose intolerance).  But this was worth popping one of those chalky white pills every few sips.  I am looking up the address in San Francisco because I am not waiting until the next time I'm in Vegas for the sweet or savory goodness that is Burger Bar.  I hear there's one in St. Louis too.  (Oh, and I have a little crush on Hubert Keller.  Shhhh - don't tell.)
381	0	Been to two pinks hot dogs now....The supposedly good one and this one and this one sucks. The hot dog just sucks. It's nasty. Make it  bearable by putting every condiment on it and put pastrami and whatever they have. Cause the dog just straight up sucks.  Oh ya the service is not that great either. Small little place. Wouldn't go  if your drunk. Just go eat mcdonalds or pizza. Not this
1149	1	We were here on Tuesday evening and were seated within 5 minutes for a party of 5.  We had the Korean Prime Kalbi, Prime Kalbi, Flat Iron Garlic, Beef Toro, Bulgogi, Salmon with Bacon, Enoki with Bacon, and Japche.  Everything was delicious and the meat was very tender.  My kids are picky and they ate almost everything, which was amazing.  Service was very attentive to us.  We will be back the next time we are in Vegas!
973	1	I did my research on this place and did the whole only order from the back side of the menu with all of the northern specialties. And holy moly. Those garlic prawns were AMAZING. I forever will need them in my life and have been ruined for all other crispy, garlicky, Heaven infused crustaceans. The crispy duck with curry was also a favorite, I could eat that daily. I'm so coming back here everytime I'm in vegas. I'm addicted.
523	0	Ugh. The friendly staff gets four stars but the building is atrocious. Decor is beyond tacky, elevators are scary, and the whole place needs an upgrade badly. Yeah, sure its cheap and not the MGM but the only reasons that I can think of anyone wanting to stay here is if they're really tight on budget or just want to ogle young girls in ridiculous outfits while gambling. At least the rooms don't seem to have bedbugs.
1723	1	I've been coming here for years, originally for the lunch buffet and now for the occasional dinner. It's a little pricey and always packed in the evenings, and for good reason. This food is top notch, better than Komol or any other Thai restaurant I've been to in town. It's an an unassuming, unimpressive, and perhaps uninviting strip mall, but this area's always been home to a mix of dives and delights, don't judge the book by it's cover or the guy hitting you up for money in the parking lot.  Once inside, you'll see the space is kept up well and has a substantial wine collection. I can't comment on that since I've always thrown all my money into food and sometimes a thai tea. Their signature cuisine is northern Thai, and while I don't have other cuisine from that region to compare it to, it is delicious. That said, so are the more traditional dishes. The orange chicken, which was good during the lunch buffet, is outstanding when made to order. The pineapple fried rice has a great depth of flavor and is well-seasoned. Anything with crispy duck is excellent. The last time we had a northern Thai shrimp curry that was top notch. If you're not picky, just give the server some general parameters and they'll take care of it for you. You want a curry, pineapple rice, and crispy duck dish? Say no more. I haven't had something for dinner yet that I felt was "meh." The only problem, if you can call it that, is that the menu is huge which can make it tough to decide but on the other hand always provides some room to explore.   This is a Vegas must. Call ahead to find out the wait time and see if you can put your name on the list. Expect a 45 minute wait for take-out. Don't think you can waltz in for dinner, any day of the week, without a 30 minute wait.
1023	1	I'm in love! I'm super thankful for the awesome Bouchon staff that was able to accommodate me for a quick and delicious Sunday Brunch before I left Vegas on a jet plane.  I told the host that I needed to be quickly seated and out of the Restaurant in less than 50 minutes. The host told me that I could immediately be seated at the bar, which I found my way just fine. The server was extra attentive to my needs and understood the immediacy of my visit. He recommended a few dishes and even the Manager (so i think it was) came to the table to let me know that their French Toast could be made immediately.   I decided to take my chances on time and go with the Salmon Baguette and the Yogurt Parfait. They also served a complimentary twisty bread with jam and butter. Mmm...! Everything was so neatly displayed and delicious. Don't you just LOVE brunch time?  Anyway, to keep it short, Bouchon was fab and the service was exceptional! They even bumped my order to the top of the list to get me out of the Restaurant on time. I will definitely visit Bouchon again try out other items from their menu without having to be in a rush.  Je t'aime Bouchon. Je t'aime.
1544	0	Service was very slow! We had to wait about an hour til we get our food. We didnt order appetizers because we thought our orders were simple enough. I ordered fish and chips (it's on the specialties list) and the fish was overcooked.  Hubs ordered fish tacos.   Host was lovely. Waitress not so much. If you are hungry or pressed for time, do not come here!!
1258	0	worst Brazilian food ive ever had!! majority of meat was dry, hard, flavor less and BURNT. not charred, but burnt!!! for the price of this place i expected better food. servers were polite, but some meat cutters/servers are rude and seemingly arrogant. I went here for a prebirthday celebration and it was definitely a disappointment. Only reason for 2 stars is the salmon because it was delicious
556	1	So far this is the best pizza I've ever had.  I really like thin crust NY style and this is definitely it.  The place can be found on the third floor of The Cosmopolitan Hotel, right by the exit from Marquee.  The best IMO is the white pizza...I tried the mushroom and it was just OK.  It's $4 a slice which is reasonable, if you think it's a rip-off what the hell are you doing at the Cosmo in the first place??
50	0	Dear Hooters Las Vegas,  I have always enjoyed my stays at Hooters Las Vegas. Unfortunately that was not the case this weekend. I checked into the hotel on December 5th and was given room 263 in the Bungalow tower. The room was nice as I expected. The next morning on Saturday December 6, my boyfriend and I noticed the hot water was not working in the shower. I called the front desk and they said they would send somebody right away. After waiting half an hour nobody had arrived. I went ahead and left the room and went to the front desk where a gentleman named Marco assisted me. Marco said that he would give us a separate room to shower in. He offered room 448 in the OCEAN tower. I thought that it was completely ridiculous to walk all the way across the casino and take an elevator just to shower. When I complained they said we could just keep the  ocean tower room to stay. (Why did they not offer that in the first place?) the manager also reversed my resort fee which was very appreciated.   After packing up all our stuff we switched rooms at about 12pm. We left the room for the day to visit the strip. We came back to the room at about 530 pm and took a nap. At about 820pm my boyfriend woke up to take a shower. As he closed the bathroom door I HEAR THE DOOR TO THE HOTEL ROOM  OPEN. Keep in mind I am in a t-shirt and underwear laying on the bed! I look up and see a glimpse of somebody walking away quickly and closing the door. Confused I call my boyfriend asking if he left the room and he said no that he was still in the shower. I was completely frightened because someone was able TO OPEN MY HOTEL ROOM DOOR AND WALK IN.  About 5 minutes later someone starts to furiously knock on our door, I open it and a lady in a blue shirt and a man in a black jacket/maroon shirt start questioning me. They state I was supposed to check out today and should not be in the room. When I explain the situation about switching rooms they ask to see my ID. When they check my ID they said thank you and did not even apologize. After a few minutes I walk down to the front desk asking why someone opened my room door without knocking, the manager named "H" (who was also the lady in the blue shirt who checked my ID) denied that anyone opened the door before they knocked. I was extremely upset at this because I know what I saw and heard. She completely denied that anybody opened the door without permission. I am extremely upset at this situation as hooters violated my privacy and also did not take the liberty to update their system to acknowledge my new hotel room. I would like a refund for my weekend.
182	0	I went to the grab and go window.  1 star for the service, 2.5 for the food.  They don't serve hot food before 11:30am, cashier was kind of rushy and impolite, and didn't let me order nachos--even though it was 11:25am.  She didn't even register all the items we wanted to order.  Food: The donut is big and Ok. The frozen hot chocolate is meh.  Not bad if there's nothing else around, but not really worth $17.  I'll probably avoid this place in the future.
541	0	Ok, here is the truth. This place is about the same price as the Bellagio Buffet (which is now my standard for all buffets) and the quality was like Old Country Buffet. The variety was lacking, the service was non existant and the food tasted bad. The only thing that gave this two stars was the crepes. We didn't have to pay since it was comped and even then I wouldn't go again. GROSS!!!
1609	0	Pros: Fun if you are drunk out of your mind. Or just turned 21. Or just turned 21 and drunk out of your mind. Oh, and if you are from Nebraska. Honestly though, the environment is really energetic and loud so don't expect to actually talk to anyone you are eating with. The fish and chips are good, food wise. Oh, and you can take goofy pictures, so that's fun.  Hint: if you walk in somewhere and they ask if you are there to drink or to eat, never eat the food. Unless you love globs and globs of cheese. The rubbery, oily kind.   Cons: Literally the WORST meal that I have ever paid for. Had to pay for chips and salsa. The salsa was awful. How do you mess up salsa in a Mexican restaurant? My partner ordered tacos. Only ate two bites of one taco because they were gross. Again, how do you mess up tacos in a Mexican restaurant?    I'm not too surprised because I should have known better. I mean, it's Vegas and I got a coupon for a free appetizer. There had to be a catch. Stick to the buffets, people. Your wallets and stomach will thank you.
1700	1	Went here about a month ago.. Atmosphere Is like you're living on the set of the golden girls which I absolutely love! The food was great I had the eggs Benedict probably the best eggs Benedict I have had in a while.  The only thing that I have to complain about is the wait it took for us to be seated... Have no fear they have a full bar and fire pit to keep you entertained while you wait... James the bartender was AMAZING!!!!! He had great recommendations and was up for the challenge of being our bartender!!!! Overall, this was a great place and I will definitely be back!
1900	1	This dinner was a great experience all around.  Our server, Dennis, was top notch and made great recommendations.  Be ready to spend some money (especially if you get a featured app and wine) but the beef wellington for 2 for $100 was well worth it.  It actually brought tears to my eyes it was so unbelievably good!  We had the small seafood tower for an app, split the wellington and truffle mac & cheese and toffee pudding for dessert.  This restaurant is one of the main reasons I will go back to Vegas.
1624	0	A piece of advice for an employee named "Dee" who has intentionally removed her name tag after her poor and unprofessional customer service. DON'T ever argue with CUSTOMERS regarding where they want to be seated ( and It is none of your business why customers want to sit at a certain table) and you could have solved this problem easily with me instead of bringing your manager and chef out to defend for yourself.  Thank you for your horrible customer service "Dee" and making my first staying experience at Aria "unforgettable". I have to leave one star because I have to but I don't think you even deserve it. Definitely, I won't be back and it is a thumb down for future referral when someone asks. Lastly,  it looks like I am not the only one complain about "your" (upper management) restaurant's customer service.
1349	0	Have you ever had to eat trash and have to pay for it ? Well this is the spot if you know Mexican food or Born Mexican you will know the food here is horrible by just looking at the prices. The food is pathetic the prices are insane 15 dollars for chips and guacamole come on man . Who spends 5 dollars on a "gourmet" taco it should be gourtrash it's nothing special please do not step in here I should've went to the Golden Arches and had a gourmet Big Mac
608	1	First time eating here.  4 of us had 4 different items based off of our server, Patrick's,  recommendation.  Every item was unbelievable!  Patrick was very helpful ,courteous, and attentive to our needs.  Great experience and wonderful service!  We will be back.
1502	1	Not sure whre they get that different types of colored sugar in that little sugar caddy but I loved it! Breakfast was pretty awesome here and I'm glad I shared a plate with my boyfriend. We didn't even finish what we got (pancakes, fruit, eggs and bacon and sausage). I really liked the neon type of lighting and kinda dark inside style. The staff were all friendly and you can tell that locals come here to it's gotta be good (at least that's what I like to think).
154	1	Had an early dinner here with my bff.  We shared a liter of wine, and it was the best stinkin cab I have ever had.  Sadly, I don't remember what it was.. maybe cuz of the 1/2 liter of wine I had that night.  haha.    The food here is amazing!  Started with the hazelnut beet salad and wine glazed pork belly.. the salad had pickled ramps that were so tasty!  No strong onion flavor.. it almost tasted like asparagus with a light spring onion taste. And the pork belly was crispy and creamy at the same time!  Served with a ramp custard, the two were a match made in heaven.    For the main course, I had the pork loin served with a baked ramp custard, roasted Anjou pears and morels... To die for! Kinda tasted like Korean food.. which is a good thing.  Pork and green onion pancake (sahm gyup sal and pah jun).  My friend had the lamb, but I can't say too much about that since I don't like lamb.  :)  For dessert.. we had the creme brulee and Ill Flotante.  The creme brulee was pretty standard, but the ill flotante was like a fluffy cloud of dreamy goodness.  Haha.  it was soooo amazing!  airy meringue in a sea of anglaise and a little gravy boat of fleur de sel caramel sauce.. holy mother of all good desserts.    For the two of us, we spent close to 300.. yes, it's pricey, but for a splurge meal, it's as good as it gets!
1642	0	Well, i think i'm one of a hand full of ladies who actually like hooters restaurants.  so my boyfriend took myself and another couple here for my birthday dinner , one of my 4 night stay in vegas (@ treasure island) we also wanted to see there casino.. not that impressed anyway.. The food was okay, the service was awful, of all the hooters i've been to this is the worst by far. And you'd think its be the BEST since its in there hotel/casino.. not the case.
142	0	I wanted to love this restaurant..., I truly did because I heard Jose Andres was the Chef owner and as a DC resident I love anything Jose Andres!! One night my girl friends got take out after a long day of partying but her sister is a foodie so the fact she said her Seafood noodle dish didn't have lobster and it's $50 and then  said her food was  not  good, I became  worried because I was really excited about eating there. So Saturday after a long day at A Cedric Gervais pool party, hungover and starving we went to eat here and the food was not good at all. It was salty it tasted like MSG and I felt sick after my meal. I wouldn't be too excited to eat here again . Sooooo Disappointed :/
1633	0	I haven't been south of TI in the longest time, but I ended up staying at Riviera due to a last minute mix up at the Palazzo *cries*.   First and foremost, the door of our suite did not lock. HUGE no no. We requested to have it fixed, but by the end of our stay, our room was STILL open for anyone! What the heck!  The valet service and check in was mediocre, but I could tell that they were super backed up. I think they have a staffing issue at Riviera. Maybe it's time to call a hospitality consulting company? Gotta keep up with all the new hotels on the strip!  In general, everything was decently clean, but just for the lock service (or lack there of), I think I'm going to have to give this a one. :(
949	0	Was so happy when we were driving by and saw this Lee's Sandwiches in Vegas. But everything is more expensive at this location and service is so slow! All I ordered was iced coffee and it took a lot longer than it should. There was a long line and just one person at the register. Randomly the interior is pretty big though and they also sell self-serve frozen yogurt.
1302	0	We expected the menu to be a fusion of flavors but really it was just a restaurant offering two different menus in one. Portions were small, food was severely over priced and they served their sodas per bottle. The food quality wasn't good. The shining star was their salsa and chips. The salsa is great, but do yourself a favor and take it to go and pair it with food from somewhere else. The staff is moving your plates and grabbing plates to clear the table while your still eating, but the actual server who takes your order was MIA we had to ask someone to get him for us. It makes enjoying a dinner with your friends and family hard. Get the chips and salsa to go but don't stay and eat.
295	0	This place is overpriced. The steak sandwich had no flavor. The beef was tough and  tasteless. For $23 a sandwich I expected better. Some will say you have to pay at least $30 for a good steak, but I don't care. Good food is good food. If you are known for something, then you should do it well.  The Forbidden Broadway Sundae did not taste good. It was basically a bowl of fat.  The music was too loud too.
1585	0	I had high hopes for this buffet because I heard that it had improved dramatically over what it used to be.  While that may be true for Friday/Saturday dinner, the quality is sorely lacking at other times.  I went during an off-peak time:  a weekday for breakfast.     I'll start off with the pros:  the staff is very friendly, and the Egyptian theming of the buffet is really nice. Also, there are lots of secluded areas so you're not right on top of other people.  The positives unfortunately end there.  Other than the fruit, the food was inedible.  The bacon and sausage were limp and extremely greasy.  The coffee was burnt.  The eggs were watery, too salty, and had a very strange aftertaste.  The waffles, pancakes, and hash browns were stale and also had a strange aftertaste.  And to top it all off, I also felt sick after eating the food there.  Will not go again.
1721	1	A friend of mine recommended it to me and we went to the location on West Sahara Avenue and it was delicious! This location was closer but still the service was great and food was on point. All the burgers have their own special taste. We had to pace ourselves. Their ketchup is something you have to try as well.
1199	1	Oh, wow.  Where to start?  This is a Las Vegas institution.  When I was a dealer at the old Sahara, we used to go here after work at 3:00 AM for an omelet and champagne.  The fireside lounge is kitchy, old-school Vegas, but the bar staff are great and the mixologists build great drinks.  Oh, and did I mention the food is tasty, reasonably priced, and there's a lot of it?  If you're on the strip and need a good meal at a good price, or you want to sit back and relax in a nice lounge and enjoy a beverage, this is THE place to go.
91	1	Once again, Hash House A Go Go is a must! I hit Hash House A Go Go on Friday for lunch. I got there a bit before noon and only had a 15 minute wait for lunch. My previous two visits were about the hash so this visit had to be about the Chicken and Waffles.   Wow, the plate, like all of their others, was huge! Two breasts with drummies and about two full waffles with the bacon cooked into the waffle. Making this to order took about 20+ minutes for it to get to the table and it was worth it. Gotta say the chicken was good, the waffle was good but as another review said - a little more syrup (okay, "Maple Syrup Reduction") would have made it a bit better.   I ate about 2/3 of the plate and gave up. I was so full I did not need to eat for the rest of the day.  This restaurant stays on my must-visit list for every time I go to Vegas.
212	0	Landed at Hooters by way of www.hotwire.com, selecting a 3 star hotel in the South Las Vegas strip area.  I don't know the exact definition of 3 stars, but what we got was essentially a rundown Motel 6 with very poor service.  The hallways smelled bad, and the carpet throughout was dingy and stained.  Decor is cheap and the building looks very old.  At the restaurant, we got fooled by a breakfast buffet on the menu that magically becomes a "champagne brunch" on weekends for $3 more.  Management was minimally concerned when we took issue with the surprise on our bill.  Most of the offerings were stale and hard to bite into.  The bar by the pool carded my wife for a diet coke, which she was forced to return to the pool chair for.  I understand the concept of getting what you pay for, but I wouldn't have paid even $50 a night for this experience.  I will never return - it made the trip a disappointment.
1517	1	This place is awesome! If you come to Vegas, it's a must visit. So juicy and amazingly delicious. You won't be disappointed.  Prices are very reasonable and service is friendly and welcoming. This isn't a date place, it's a-"eat a good burger and grab a beer" kinda place. I can't wait to go back.
1949	1	Hung over and tired of all the buffets and expensive overrated eateries on The Strip? Well...Hash House a Go Go might just be what you're looking for! It's located off The Strip, but it's a great place for breakfast and brunch.  I came here with a fairly large party and we were seated almost immediately. With a table full of foodies, we decided to order several dishes to share. This allowed us to try a little bit of everything, which was fantastic! Some of the dishes that we ordered included the following: HH Famous Meatloaf, Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict, Corned Beef House Hash, Griddled French Toast, Roasted Pork Tenderloin, and Chicken and Waffles. My favorite was the Griddled French Toast; it was airy and fluffy, with a nice crisp at the edges. It included baked bananas drizzled with banana cinnamon cream and pecan maple syrup. The combination was absolutely orgasmic and I highly recommend it! Another dish that stood out was the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict. The benedict came with sort of scrambled eggs, versus the typical poached egg that I am used to. It was different, but delicious. The chicken was crispy on the outside and tender on the inside and the sauce was unique and flavorful.  The portions were humungous and very nicely presented. Their drinks are also a hit too--especially their kiwi watermelon lemonade and various mimosas! Our waitress was patient and courteous too, so don't forget to visit this place the next time you're in town!
110	1	One bite the Rising Sun Burger and you're in beef nirvana.  And one bite is all I got, because my dinner companion, AKA significant other, wouldn't share after that.  But that's ok, although my Longhorn burger wasn't as good, it's no flakeout in the burger department.  Just not as exotic an explosion in your mouth as the traditional Japanese flavors that are perfectly introduced into the western standard that is the burger on a bun called, once again, The Rising Sun.  And let me tell you, this burger planetarian will now orbit around this fabulous burger.  The beers are nice and cold and that's what I reverted to after an uber strong margarita on the rocks.  I treated it like a shot, cause at $14 there's no way I'd leave it sitting on the table.  We were seated immediately, the service was fast, extremely friendly and ready to answer any questions we had about the menu.  I can't wait to go back, and guess what I'll be ordering next time?  Hai, The Rising Sun.  Arigato Holsteins!!!
141	1	The Egg & I has got to be the best breakfast dining experience I've had in Vegas. The place is busy because the food is excellent for a really good price and the service is very good.  Food: 1) Banana Nut Muffin was the best I've ever tried so far. You could tell they used a lot of butter because it was so soft and flavorful! 2) Benedict - The eggs were poached perfectly and the hollandaise sauce was amazing. Perfect execution of this dish. 3) Ranch potatoes were FANTASTIC. They were seasoned perfectly and not overly salty. They didn't have that heavy, thick potato texture. It was lightly crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.  Service: The hostesses knew how to handle the influx of people waiting and the servers were friendly, helpful, and very efficient. We even got water refills without even having to ask.
380	1	My boyfriend and I ate here while we were in Vegas a few weeks ago, and we have not stopped thinking/talking about the burgers here since!!  We came in here with very high expectations, since we are avid Kitchen Nightmares watchers and figured this restaurant had the highest standards, and I'm pleased to say every expectation was met.  Our burgers were literally the best burgers we have ever had and we have been craving them ever since. We also loved the fries! The come with 2 delicious dipping sauces, and there was one that I LOVED, but I forget what the name of it was. The prices were also very decent for the quality of food we received.  I HIGHLY recommend BurGR if you're looking for an awesome burger!
1498	0	I guess this is the place drunk people go to eat after a night of hard partying when they don't really care if the food tastes delicious or not. I've given this place a few tries, but each time I've been disappointed. The meat in the banh mi is almost nonexistent and has a rubbery texture, like it's been sitting out all day. The bread is stiff and hard all throughout when a well-baked baguette should be soft on the inside. Service isn't all that different from a fast food restaurant, you get in line and pay for your order, then they call out your number. I haven't tried their American style breakfast sandwiches, but if they can't even make their Vietnamese sandwiches right, I'm scared to taste their American sandwiches. I'd rather take my money to Hue Thai or Dakao.
545	1	This place is hidden behind the clear/silver elevator across from STK.  It's not on any maps & it's down a hallway.  They had the best think crust pizza.  If you don't like pizza sauce they have a "white" slice and it has no tomato sauce.  Just cheese & garlic.  It's only $3.50 for a slice, however the soda in a red cup is the SAME price.  I thought that was a bit  much.  As soon as you come up the escalator stay straight ahead and you'll see it .
1953	0	I went here a few days ago and I have to say I'm totally disappointed. I sat at the bar because everyone knows the best service is always from the bartender but that's not the case here. Service was slow and inattentive the bartender wouldn't talk much and appeared to hate his job. I ordered the signature blood orange Margarita and it wasn't that good I've had much better elsewhere. I had the street tacos and it was ok not very spicy but super salty. Rice was greasy and lacked flavor beans were strait from a can. Skip this place there is bunch better in Vegas.
361	1	Great Pizza. Great concept. For a hotel that builds its brand off of opulence and grandiosity. Its good to know that the Cosmopolitan isn't without a sense of humor or irony.  To find the joint,  just go down the out of place white tile hallway with crappy florescent lighting, you'll arrive in a room the size of a shoebox serving some of the best pizza I've had in recent memory.   Great food, great concept. Well done Cosmopolitan. It looks like management has a few risk takers.
1822	1	Yum! One of my new favorite Burger places in Las Vegas! Long lines, good food. The staff is less than friendly but they do a good job at keeping the line moving and the place clean for as pack as it stays. It's located at The New York New York and its outdoor seating has a view of the *Brooklyn Bridge* and The Strip. Great location for people watching.   The Burgers are fantastic. Fresh made, fresh veggies and a fresh baked bun! Yum! But the real star of the show are the big fat crinkle style cheese fries! These are my favorite cheese fries in town. Do yourself a favor and order some!   Love this place! We'll be back again and again!
1158	1	So much has been said already, so I will be brief.  This is a great restaurant in a casino, yet so far from the casino, you really feel like you're getting away. By every measure, I had a better meal here than I had at Bouchon in Yountville, much to my surprise. Two of us shared what seemed like ten different things, and just about everything worked.  I can't imagine ever returning without having something from the raw bar.  The service was impeccably good.
29	1	This place is ridiculously good. I do not hunk that I've had anything bad here.  The burgers are great, my favs are the spicy miso, and the kalbi. The pork belly and duck buns are great. People really like the oxtail chili fries, but they are not my favorite becaus the chili is too sweet and I can't really taste the oxtail a which I love. Service is always decent, never have a complaint
248	1	First time here and was very impressed with the food, ambience and service. The interior is nicely designed to allow for a very pleasant dining experience. And the servers are very attentive and friendly.   The food here is delicious. This is what we ordered:  -spicy tuna kimbap -spicy soft tofu -Harami miso -Korean prime kalbi -Beef toro  -Salmon  -Korean chicken with cheese fondue  -bibimbap  The beef is very tender and soft. It just melts in your mouth! The beef toro wasn't as tender as if anticipated. The   Korean prime kalbi was delicious but I would have to say that the Harami Miso was my favorite. The spicy tuna kimbap is good but it's very heavy. It'd be wise to take it slow with that! The chicken was very soft and tender surprisingly, but the cheese part really wasn't for me. The spicy tofu soup was very flavorful and delicious. It definitely helps settle all the bbq that you just ate.   Overall, quality and and atmosphere are on point here. I would definitely come back here in the future.   ***the amount of food was for a party of 3 and it was more than enough.
1233	1	Not so secret as people would say but the pizza is really good.  Open 24 hours and I found it to be the busiest after club hours.  There will be a long line through their hallway and out into the hotel.  I won't wait but I've seen people wait over an hour for the pizza.  Thin crust pizza with a tasty sauce and they never skimp on the cheese.
1128	1	I stopped in after all the positive reviews, I must say it was right on par. The food was good, banana nut muffin was great, and the staff was awesome! It's actually the great staff that took the 4 star food rating to a 5 star overall diner rating. Thanks guys!
1458	1	I love this place!!! We were immediately greeted upon entering and was welcomed into the restaurant. Service was very fast as well. We had happy hour and I tried the beef toro and bulgogi. Both were extremely delicious! Highly recommended kbbq! Amazing!!
1577	1	I freaking LOVE this place!  All the times I would go to Vegas and drive by, I would think--I  want to go there because it looked so funny.    Anyways, last February is the first time I went to the Peppermill with my then fiance--but now turned hubby.  :)  He said this place is linked to a chain in NorCal and Tahoe?  Anyways...it was pure bliss.  Much better than most food at the hotels.    I had the buffalo chicken wrap.  It was amazing!  My husband had the patty melt and it was delish!  The portions are huge...great leftovers when you wake up all cruda the next morning!  Plus they are open 24 hours...so you can go in all drunk, lol!  Anyways, this place is awesome and funky.  they have red white and blue sugar granules that you can even buy!  The lounge is awesome and they have these cocktail servers that roam the restaurant in these funky black dressses and the servers in the restaurant wear funky polyester uniforms...pretty funny.  I loved the fireside lounge too!  So funny!  good crowd!  I love places like these! :)
1424	0	I probably wouldn't go back here. You are seated by a hostess and you are free to get your own beverages and go get food at the Buffett. Your buser will disappear and you'll have plates piled at your table.   We got here just before the lunch cut off and stayed for the crab legs and other dinner goodies. Most things tasted over salted and looked quite old.
660	1	When I first heard that my cousin insisted on dining at this staple in Las Vegas, I had visions in my head of a fancy place with modern lighting and wood tables and such. You know, the stuff that celebrity chefs do when they go to Las Vegas, which is an underrated food city. Imagine my surprise when we're driving to the restaurant and it's off the Strip. Not only that, but the restaurant is in this little strip mall. No bells and whistles or anything from the outside.  But when we get inside (and a reservation really helps because otherwise, you're waiting hours on end for a table), it was such a different story. Ten guys and we order a bunch of food. Now, I'm not a fan of Thai food but I think I'm getting more adventurous with trying food. I heard just endless raves about this place and I had hoped it was warranted. After that meal? It was warranted. I tried pretty much everything we ordered. Not one dish was a weak link. I loved, loved, LOVED both the beef tamarind and the butterfly shrimp. The beef was cooked really to perfection. No blood, grilled right without a slightly burnt taste. The shrimp was crispy and so tasty. Great food, very little noise so you could talk to people at the table, servers who let you eat in peace.  Great place. Every Thai place I go to anywhere from now on will just be second rate in comparison. That's the sign of a worthy restaurant.
1896	1	This place has been called "The Best Thai Restaurant in North America." I'm not sure how this was determined, but the food is pretty delicious.  And, yes, you CAN get many items veganized here: the ala carte menu is a great place to get some veggie and/or tofu combinations, from Pad Prik King to Chili Mint, to green curry (one of my faves!).  Just be sure to tell them no fish sauce and ask about which curry bases are OK. (Sometimes red curry is made w/ shrimp paste).  The spicy vegetable soup is amazing and lives up to it's name! The phrase "I can't feel my lips anymore, but I can't stop eating this!" is commonly uttered.  You can actually get a few delicious dessert options here too! Sticky rice w/ mango, coconut ice cream (made w/ coconut milk FTW!), fried bananas.... all delish.  Bonus: they have Albarino(!!!!!) and Stone IPA on their drink menu, so I get my choice of two of my favourite bevvy's to complete my meal.    They have recently expanded and about doubled their seating capacity, so it's easier than it used to be to get a table too!  I would recommend a reservation on a Fri or Sat.... but if it's packed you can always trot over to Komol for some excellent chow as well.  I will say this though -- I have been vegan about 7 years and don't stray from that.  I also generally try to encourage others to eat in a similar manner.  HOWEVER - when I take meat eaters to Lotus, I pretty much insist that they order off the Northern Thai menu.  Only one item on there doesn't have meat, but the dishes are very rarely found on American Thai menus... So just go for it already! If you're an adventurous eater, you'll probably love it.
364	1	Delicious! I don't eat bread and they were very accommodating. Had chicken burger in lettuce instead of a bun with sweet potato fries and each to dip. So good! They sell pear cider too which is a big win for me :)   I will visit again and recommend highly.
446	0	I placed in the weekly slot tournament and won $50 in credit. When I went to the cashier to have this added to my card,  I mentioned that the credits came at a great time since my sister was arriving later in the week and we could use the credits then.  Her response indicated she had heard what I said.  She said something like  "oh that will be fun"  and I went on merry way.   Flash forward a few days and I go to use the credit.  There is no credit balance on the card.  I go to the cashier cage and a different cashier is working.  I asked her what was up andr she tells me that I have until midnight the same day as tournament to use the credits.  I asked how I was supposed to know this and told her that I had even told the other cashier I planned to use them later in the week.  She apologized and told me to take it up with the casino host.    I was totally unimpressed with the casino host.  She told me that due to gaming commission rules she could do nothing to help me or reissue the  credits I'd won.  I told her that this is very unfair as I had no idea the creditswwould be revoked so quickly.  She said the rules are posted at the tournament.  When I asked specifically where they were posted she didn't know,  but advised that I ask the promo people running the tournament.    So I went back the next week to look for these rules.  Guess what? No rules posted.  I asked.  An employee hosting the tournament told me they could grab me a copy.  But it confirmed what I thought.  I didn't remember seeing anything about rules.   What irks me is that we're talking a $50 prize and it's not even cash! It's credit! Awarding me the $50 credit would be nothing to them. I live next door to the Riv and have spent lots of money there.  So you're going to haggle over $50 credit when the rules aren't posted and the cashier never mentioned a time limit when I gave her the perfect opportunity to do so.    I used to like the Riviera.  The place can go to hell now for all I care.  I would have called the gaming commission on them,  but it's just $50 plus the place will be blown to bits soon enough.  Way to go Riviera.  I'll never return.
685	1	Another success for Thomas Keller.  Located on the quieter back side of the Venetian, this large French restaurant is great for lunch or dinner, but the best for Sunday brunch.  It gets busy quick so either come early or be prepared to wait.   There is fresh seafood that greets you behind the host's platform.  I suggest a dozen oysters and a spicy bloody mary to get things started.  Almost everything on the menu is delicious, and they always have a few specials including an omlette/egg dish.  If you have room at the end, have some french press coffee and the beignets.  This is my recipe for happiness.  Oh yeah, finish by waddling back to your room, having some afternoon nookie (optional), and then taking a fat ass nap.  Life is good.
1528	0	Can't think of much good to say about this place.  Don't go for food, and not sure I would recommend the bar either.  There was a smell of rancid trash that would waft out of the kitchen occasionally and the service was poor.    Unless you are a teenager or a college student that just wants to get drunk, avoid this place like the plague.
1692	0	Beware! We booked on hotwire.com and were told that all expenses had been paid (fees, taxes, etc...); however, three days after our stay we were charged tax for the second time on the credit card we provided for incidentals. When I called to ask them to correct their error, they advised that the refund would be in our account within 5-7 business days. Fair enough, everybody makes mistakes. FYI: IT HAS BEEN 15 BUSINESS DAYS AND NO REFUND. Do they just think you'll forget about the incorrect charge because it is such a small amount (under $50)? PS: We love Westin properties, but this one wasn't too impressive. ------------------------------------- -Located off the Strip -Very Clean -Very Small Rooms (and we were upgraded) -Great for Business, but not for Social Trips -Make Sure to Look Over your Bill when  you Leave. Our Bill Stated that all Expenses were Paid and then they Charged Us!!!
485	1	People rave about the chicken and waffles for good reason.  Hands down the best I've ever had.  I will return to Bouchon on future trips to Vegas just for this dish.  The lobster hash and hibiscus champagne cocktail were also delicious.  We had several great meals in Vegas but this one stands out as the best.
1919	1	Let's go, let's go, let's go! Super fun, relaxed atmosphere- great place to stop by for a late lunch after an afternoon at the pools. Even better if you fit in a morning workout, because the food is even more glorious without the food-coma-associated-guilt.   Service: Attentive and very helpful  SPIKED SHAKES: Amazing. Can personally recommend Birthday Cake, Cereal Bowl, and Drunken Monkey. What's even more amazing is how good the vegan cinnamon pecan shake was.  You really can't go wrong with any of the burgers (and as far as the sides go, I'm usually a sweet potato fry fan, but their onion rings came out on top!). Our group also may have ordered a second round of the crispy pork belly buns to take home. I can't wait to go back and try a few more of the "nosh" items (small plates/apps)- poke tostadas or buffalo chicken dip, anyone?
25	0	worst place ever... don't ever go.... we decided to take a chance and go in .... looked like a fun place to have breakfast/lunch.... never again... the wait was for 90 minutes even though they said 30 minutes and omg one of the girls in the front needs to get hired.. worst serve ever... she was very rude and people would walk up to her to ask a question and she would just ignore them....  after all that wait the food wasnt even good... just a freaken waste of time... dont waste your time by going in
1855	0	This restaurant had a big line to eat and the waiting system here is absolutely horrible. They make you stand in line for over an hour with no pager or any other system which would allow the guests to sit in casino or do something else. Also none of the restaurants in Bellagio including Noodles has a couch or waiting area which would allow the patrons to sit. This reflects a very callous attitude by bellagio where they dont have a couch or a pager system.   The food is OK. The 2 table besides the counter in the back isclose toeach other and there is very little privacy...  So overall a very dissatisfying dinner - 45 min wait with no place to sit and wait,  food is Just vey average and the waiter is very abrupt so cant give any points for service either.
339	1	First time eating Korean BBQ in Vegas and this place was conveniently located right across the street from the Hard Rock Hotel.  I ordered the Spicy Ramen with Egg which was especially flavorful with just the right amount of spicy.  The wife ordered the Bibimbap original which was a little on the bland side but nothing a little salt and hot sauce can't fix.  The kids enjoyed grilling the bulgogi beef and it came out sweet and tasty.  Overall just really good food and the servers were quick.  Would definitely recommend.
107	0	I ate here yesterday and the cottage cheese was spoiled! I have never tasted such bitter and sour cottage cheese. Someone could seriously get sick from eating spoiled dairy products. It's very serious that the buffet is not checking their products and looking out for the safety of their guests. I was so disgusted I will never be back to the buffet and because of this experience I definitely will not choose to stay at this hotel. If they put spoiled cottage cheese on the buffet I would hate to see the quality of the rooms. Overall just a very nasty and awful experience.
738	1	Words cannot describe what my mouth tastes  hahaha but seriously I would definitely recommend coming here anytime, if you are coming back or coming here for the first time. It was really good and different than other burger places like in and out. The bun is really soft and the quantity and size of the burger is perfect; enough to be full along with fries and a shake! I also bought the caramel shake and it tasted really good! It's not too sweet and not too dull so I really enjoyed it! I don't know if the Shake Shack here tastes like the Shake Shack from New York, but it's really good and I would come back! Like I said, I would highly recommend coming here for burgers, fries, shakes, and/or hot dogs! Great job!
1440	1	My first time here n i really wanted to come n try the food...i'm glad i did! Everything i ordered was delicious! It was my first time trying caviar..i liked it..with all the different toppings n bread that u put it all on..yummy...but my favorite dish was the beef wellington! Omg! so tender n cooked to a perfect medium rare...absolutely delicious! And dessert...again omg! Sticky toffee pudding with brown butter ice cream sooo yummy! From the hostess to the server they were friendly n excellent service...i definitely will b back!!
1071	0	For some reason I always here people raving about Tao.  Maybe it just wasn't the right night when I went?  Thank goodness I didn't pay to get in- my girl and I got hooked up by one of the promoters running around.  We were ushered in right away which is great because I hate waiting in line.    The place was so croweded we could barely move through.  The masses of people surrounding the bar spilled into the dancefloor area.  Everyone was drunk and falling all over each other.  The main dancefloor area is also sunken and I managed to slip on one of the two steps down (c'mon, ladies are in four inch heels! steps?!?!).  The suuuper high ceilings may appeal to some people but it just felt like a warehouse to me.  I don't know, I just didn't like it.
265	0	NOT A HILTON ANYMORE ! Do not stay at this property. They have been kicked out of the Hilton Brand for poor performance. I had such a bad experience at this hotel that I have been keeping an eye on it. If you call the Honors Desk they will explain the situation. They deserve it too. Save your money and go stay somewhere else or you will be sorry. It is nice to see that Hilton corporate cares about its brand and gave this dump the axe. Thank you Hilton Corporate.
122	0	This hotel like all the others need to STOP CATERING TO SMOKERS PLEASE. If you truly enjoy breathing second-hand smoke while gambling, walking through the casino/hotel, eating, etc. then this is the place for you. It was really hard for me to like this place. The rooms are average. They charge to even drink the water which is really sad. This was my last stay here.
22	0	Oh my, where to start. This is like the Golden Corral's sad disease ridden cousin who lives under the stairs. When I made it over to the buffet it became apparent why they make you pay before you get into the restaurant. The "hot" meats were dry and only barely warm. The cold items were not really. If you eat seafood from this buffet, you are more brave than I am. After trying a several different things, including the taco chicken, and pizza (because how can you mess that up) I decided that the items on the buffet were all upsettingly distasteful and I would just eat salad. They had an olive salad (i love olives), tomato salad (also love tomato salad) and spinach salad. The Olive Salad actually tasted like garbage smells. The Tomato salad was not much better. The best things on the buffet were actually the enchiladas which tasted like they came from the freezer section at a shady grocery store. With all of the other choices around for food, pass on this one.
596	1	The food is super-rich.  You will get very full if you attempt to eat everything on your plate.  I have ordered pasta and steak and both were excellent.  I would say the pasta dishes are the way to go, as the few sauces I've ordered were very good.  I got a bite of my wife's iceberg salad and it was very good as well.  They serve Cheesecake Factory dessert, so try to save enough room.
1087	0	This place was gross and dirty. The waitstaff/hostesses were kind of rude and gave us the run around on how to get a table/how long it would take to wait (they had plenty of open tables but made us give our phone number and told us to wait 25 mins for a text and then come back, we got the text 30 seconds later LOL whatever). I've been to the real location in New York and this one is nothing like it. The decor is rundown and ratty and the place is DIRTY. I'm talking visibly grimy (picture the cleanliness of an older McDonalds). Both my food and my companion's food were gross. Please spare yourself the somewhat high price and go somewhere else (if you're craving breakfast food later in the day, there's a great waffle place across the street by Bally's). I gave 2 stars because nothing terrible actually happened but it was very bad.
1113	1	I highly recommend this place. The food was really good and the service excellent. We ordered the Gangnam meal for 2, but it fed 4 people nicely (although you probably want to try some other things too). It gives you a sample of many different meats. Plus, if you write a review, you get a free desert! The price is a little on the higher end, but definitely worth it.
303	1	Dear god, we have found heaven.  After (yet another) heavy night of drinking, I dragged my ladies out of bed after 2 hours of sleep so that would could get Easter Brunch at Bouchon. They were not pleased...until they tried the food. Then they knew it was worth it.  The ambiance made you feel like you were abroad. Really. The host was helpful and seated us a bit early for our rez. Our waiter (my only compliant about this place) was actually kinda an ass. We ordered 3 entrees but my friend also wanted an order of the doughnuts and he kept "correcting" her that she wanted 2 orders...when in fact she kept telling him she wanted 1. Really odd and unnecessary.  Anyway moving on TO THE FOOD. The bouchon bread pudding french toast was out of this world! Tasted like bread pudding meets apple pie. The beignets were the best I've ever had! Warm and crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Their omelettes were also tasty and fresh.   Will be returning here shorty for another fabulous brunch!
1964	0	Stayed here on Sunday July 24th. I come to Vegas quite often and I've stayed at numerous hotels on the strip including Planet Hollywood, The Venetian, Treasure Island, The Mirage, Mandalay Bay, Bally's, Caesar's and some off the strip and downtown.   I expected so much more from The MGM given that they're supposed to be one of the top properties on the strip.   Of all my Vegas visits I have never experienced a more horrendous check in process. We waited over an hour to check into the hotel! The line was so long that the hotel was giving out free alcoholic drinks! It was a mess! They charge for parking now as well. If you're going to charge people all this money, the least you could do is make it more convenient for them! We were also unable to check out from the TV and waited over 20 minutes to try to check out via phone so we had to again wait in line to check out!   The hotel itself is nice, the rooms are spacious, I loved the bathrooms. The pools were very kid and adult friendly.   However, I will never stay here again because it does not seem like they have their stuff figured out when it comes to customer service.
803	0	I had previously stayed at this hotel when it was the Las Vegas Hilton... at that time they were going through a renovation and apparently also changing the name... This was like 3-5 years ago.. Sadly, since then nothing has changed.  The one thing I remember that I did not like were the long long lines and wait times for the elevator.  There are two problems, there are not enough elevators and also they are not dedicated to lets say for example 1-20 floor and then another set of elevators for 30-40 floors.  When checking in, I opted to upgrade the room for $20... and was amazed that they called it 'an upgraded room'.  According to travelocity, this is a 4 star hotel... this room was more like a 2 star, so I can just imagine what the regular room looked like.  The room itself, the tub spout was coming off of the wall, it was leaking water and the tub didn't have a light... The ac/heater thermostat was not digital... and the door key/knob stopped reading cards... I was hard pressed to find any renovations to this room.
1126	1	This restaurant is incredible! The service and food quality is always top notch. Future father in-law loved his Beef Wellington, and my fiance with a small appetite ate every bit of his delicious rib cap! My lobster and truffled fingerling potatoes were amazing! I could eat 50 of both! The best drink-The Drifter-amazing! Our server was Ted, followed by our server assistant Sean. They were both extremely knowledgable about the menu/food allergies/beef origins and selection. With impeccable service and stellar food, my family and I cannot wait to go back!
1444	1	I dig this joint. It has good food for a reasonable price. My friends I always come here after a night of dancing or walking the Las Vegas Strip late night since it's open 24/7 and the Fireplace is absolutely nice and cozy. My favorites here are the Nachos & the Sampler. "I always decide on those and I never go wrong with them!" I recently had the wings here. They're a little salty, but not too much as to where you can't enjoy them so it's safe to say that I'd still recommend them. The cocktails are good here too. My favorite cocktail is the Scorpion here.
1398	1	After such a great experience back in July (see Gregg M's review) we decided that this would be the perfect spot to go for a wedding "reception".  Special thanks to Sandra B from group sales at Total Rewards for making this group reservation for us.  The meal was everything I wanted it to be - impeccably delivered and absolutely delicious.  I could not have asked for better service.  I would say there was only one thing that may have put a damper on things had I not been in such a wonderful mood - but more on that later.  My husband and I decided to get the Hells Kitchen tasting menu.  We chose not to get the wine pairings since we wanted people to get what they felt like drinking, rather than be limited to what was part of the wine pairings.  The sommelier was on hand to help us out with decisions.    i personally decided I wanted a cocktail to start out with - though I don't remember the name of it, it was delicious with cucumber and gin and other subtle flavors that made it very refreshing and a perfect beginning to our meal.    As with our previous visit, the amuse bouche and third course were exactly the same as our previous visit.  The scotch egg was as delicious as I remember it from July and the Beef Wellington - sublime.  Though I will say after making it with a friend for New Years, I wish I this version would have had more of the duxelles that helps make the Wellington what it is - delicious   The differences:  The first course was a beet salad.  Perfectly roasted beets with a hint of horseradish and the second course - though it was a scallop risotto, the risotto was made with farro, black trumpets and pecorino cheese (I have to say I think I liked the differences!).    Though this was not a different course - it bear mentioning all by itself.  Dessert.  How can you not like brown butter ice cream?  Pair that with some sticky toffee pudding and you have the best dessert ever (yes even better than chocolate!).   Heaven!  The only down side was the cognac service.  I really wish they would have explained to all of my guests what cognacs they had and what the price points were.  They brought out the Louis the XIII for this service ($200/glass) as well as some other much less expensive choices.  Though there were a few people who know cognacs and can truly appreciate the differences in a Louis XIII, I'm not sure if all of the guests that ordered Louis XIII would have, had they known its cost.  For the most part - some only saw the pretty bottle.    Even with this one slight hiccup - We still had a 5-star experience.  Thanks for a great meal!
208	1	The best burger I have eaten in my life at Gordon Ramsey's BurGR. Besides very simple, but quiet amazing menu, everything in this restaurant was done right, from the amazing dessert shakes to waitstaff uniforms. Simple, tastefully stylish and delicious. Gordon is not only a top chef, but a smart businessman. Thumbs up!
1215	0	My girlfriends who traveled and visited Las Vegas for bachelorette parties always bragged about this place. I think this place is pretty and very girly but nothing special about the food. I begged my boyfriend to take me here and we only shared the cookies and cream sundae. It's good but taste like a milkshake! I rather sit on the couch and buy a big blue bell carton tub and share it with my boyfriend. There's plenty of other gorgeous places with better food.   Oh yeah, if you're a fan of the show "Tanked" on Animal planet and coming here to look for the gumball fish tank, it's not here anymore. I read somewhere in the summer it got too hot and the fish got fried. Ouch! Poor fishies.
689	0	Empty dining room at 7:30 pm?  Should've know it would suck.  If I'm paying $20 bucks for below-mediocre tex mex could I have a glass instead of a frat party plastic cup?  I'm trying to think of something that I liked about this place besides my company and I can only come up with "well, at least I didn't get food poisoning".
903	0	If i can give them negative stars i would i booked a room with my gf the room was whatever until we noticed a broken window with lipstick on it we werent gonna be in the hotel room se we left we didnt want to complain so we checked out the next morning and i see my bank statement chared extra from the hotel i call and they said they were charging us for damages "manager" lilly is very disrespectful i get mad immediately because how did they not notice this on the last persons visit shes saying do you want my help?I reapond yeah you need to help me this is not right and she goes no i dont have to help you you want my help and transfers me to security im transfered to a guy who puts me on hold without saying anything and tries to give me another guys number to call monday i say thats unacceptable and he hangs up on me i call back to talk to lily and she transfers me without responding this is the WORST VISIT EVER,dont come here i will repost this review every other day until my money is refunded and im issues an apology stear clear of this hotel not worth it.
1003	0	This hotel was an absolute disappointment. We paid a great price online but walked into a room that was run down and raggedy. There was black mold on the outside of the bath tub and mysterious yellow goo on the bathroom door. My husband is allergic to dust mites, so the two inch layer of dust underneath the headboard of the bed almost sent him into an asthma attack. I complained every morning I was there, but they didnt do much. The only electrical outlet with enough outlets to charge my phones did not work. The bathroom light was broken and the closet door did not open and close. I will never stay here again.
190	0	Overrated and pricey!  I wanted chinese noodles but got soup instead.  The mexican dishes were very bland.  I immediately got a stomach ache from the food.  Paid close to $90 for four small plates for dinner.  My feelings hurt more than my tummy.  Gave this two stars because the service was good at least.
1205	0	I liked the NY location, but this time in Vegas I thought the food wasn't very good but still liked the frozen hot chocolate.  We just ordered the cheese fries appetizer and unfortunately the chili was way too much on the sweet side for both my husband and I.  Also it had way too much cheese on the fries to the point where other than the few pieces that hung off the sides of the plate, 95% of the fries turned out to be soggy.  I think this place is a bit over hyped now.  Oh well, just go for the desserts maybe.
634	0	Apparently desperate times call for desperate measures.   I stayed here last year for the Singapore Math convention and swore blind never again to patronize this hotel... I hate it when I find myself having to eat my words...  This year, I'm attending the same conference with a friend who, after four rounds of chemotherapy has difficulty walking and in need of frequent naps. With such limited options, I reluctantly re-booked the hotel.  The staff were lackluster last year and this time, again, they didn't disappoint.   They made it clear that they would not provide any special services in spite of my friend's afflicted state. I could get a coffee-maker for my sparsely furnished (but clean) room - but that would cost me $40 for our three nights.  I wished I could say we made up for it with cheap room rates... we didn't... our pitiful room cost $99 a night - special conference rates, apparently. A horrific rip-off, even by Las Vegas standards, especially considering we have to walk through 110 deg temperatures in the outdoors to get to the restaurants.  Next year, we're putting the room rental money towards taxi fares from the Bellagio.  Boooooooo.
1983	0	Used to eat here it was always my favorite place to eat on the strip. Foods is great but due to my last experience there I'm not sure I'd ever eat there again. This short blonde hair "bitch" who happened to be the hostess that night was being really rude and ignoring my seating requests even though I was going to wait. Then she had the odasity to call me a bitch to another blonde hostess. I'm not sure if she noticed me and my boyfriend were right there... I was sure to get her name before I left MARIAH. As long as she is there I won't be coming back. Ever. Bad customer service and I just don't need that. This Vegas I expect top quality service.
1669	0	At the Cravings buffet located at the Mirage in Las Vegas and we found this piece of rubber glove in our food! An apology and a refund was offered, however the manager on duty "Ms Anderson" was very rude when she saw that we were posting this.  I think the worst part was as we we're leaving a "chef" came running up with a rubber glove and said " look this isn't even one of our gloves, this must have come from the proceeding plant". So this thing went from the processing plant to the hotel buffet, cooked/reheated, then presented for serving and nobody noticed? We are glad we didn't find the piece of finger that was probably in the glove end!
1862	0	We went to breakfast here with excitement for the bottomless mimosas. However, the "bottomless" mimosas were only refilled once and that was after having to ask our waitress for another.   We were surprised to see low prices compared to virtually every other restaurant in Vegas. But, when the food came- it became clear why. The food was marginal at best.
10	0	Waited 15 mins only to be seated outdoor when we specifically requested indoor.  Looking around in the restaurant there were plenty of empty seats. Not sure who or what they were expecting... We came for some dessert but our stomachs turned when our desserts arrived - massive portions and sloppy presentation.  The taste and quality of food was mediocre.  They get away with overcharging on this garbage made from cheap ingredients.  As well, the interior decorating and ambience was a disappointment too, certainly far from any "Vegas" standard.    You'd be much happier and satisfied by going to Dairy Queen for dessert.
701	0	This might be my first one star review. Awful, especially for the price.  Where do I begin? Slimy bagged lettuce, ridiculously runny poached eggs, mushy fruit, and KRAFT ranch dressing (all their dressings). All meat entrees were bad and dry. Nothing tasted good, seriously. For 24$ a person for lunch?! Ridiculous. Told server food was bad, he didn't seem to care. Not much he can do I guess. Go spend your hard earned money elsewhere for good quality food. I hear Cesar's Palace Buffet is good. Bellagio and Monte Carlo are decent. Shoot, even Golden Corral is better. Stay far away from Bayside Buffet.
1102	0	Not a horrible buffet....but not a great one. There is a lot of variety to choose from...but the food isn't the greatest. The atmosphere is great and the service is wonderful. The dessert bar need MUCH help. Not a lot to  choose from there and most of it was horrible. I go to Vegas every year and usually steer clear of this one.
1083	1	Everything was EGGtastic. The long wait was worth it. All of the staff are super friendly and Alexa was awesome. She was very nice and attentive. I ordered the Chicken, Mushroom and Spinach and enjoyed it very much. My boyfriend for the must-haves stuffed French toast and he thought it was great. Make sure to check-in on Yelp to get the complimentary banana nut muffin.
319	1	Great atmosphere, customer service, very good food for the money. Delicious burgers, not the greasy type from the fast food restaurants that give you a heartburn, but a very delicate, tasty, creative ones that leave you feeling full, yet not overloaded. Great beer selection as well.
642	1	Hot, cheesy yumminess. Yes, please! For $5/slice this is a great way to get away from all the buffets and fine dining and just kick back. My favorites were the mushroom and cheese. There's also a nice lounge area to shoot pool and kick it outside the hallway. Chill out to the max.   It's also very close to the Eastside Tower elevators, so take a ride to the 3rd floor and enjoy a late night snack.
90	0	Sub par restaurant. The place wasn't to full capacity, and I waited 25 mins to be seated and I had to wait 15 mins before a waiter approached my table. I had a grilled chicken salad from McDonald's better than the one I had tonight. Rolls brought to the table were not hot, but rather straight out of the refrigerator. In addition, the entire time we ate the housekeepers were vacuuming close to our table and two maintenance personnel walked past our table carrying plungers. Disgusting!!! The waiter was polite, but didn't fix the issue of my chicken breast being tough and poorly seasoned.
206	0	I went here with 9 other people for Memorial Day weekend.  I've been to the NY one which I absolutely loved and was really excited to know that there's a Serendipity much closer to me now.  First thing I noticed was that they have a window by the side of the building from which you can order to go.  I found it really interesting and convenient that they did that.  Although there were long lines, they seemed to be moving rather quickly.  I have to say though, I was really disappointed by my experience with the Vegas Serendipity.  Their service sucks.  When I went to get a table, they told me the wait would be about an hour.  That's understandable and fine.  After 50 minutes of waiting, my friend suggested that we check to see how far along we were.  We go up to the bitchy hostess and she informed us that they had called us.  But our beeper never rang!  And we were waiting right outside their door the whole time.  Another server then explained to us that some of their beepers were broken and said that they'd clear a table for us immediately.  Which was nice except the extra little comment she had to add which was "You guys are lucky we'll clear a table for you now".  My friend and I just looked at each other astonished.  WTF?!  The beeper issue is not our problem, it's the restaurant's.  They shouldn't be so cheap and use beepers that are broken.  Still, we didn't let that damper our mood.  We went on our merry ways and ordered a load of food.  (Their menu, compared to the NY branch, is not as long and may differ a bit)  I shared an omelette with a friend and ordered the Forbidden Broadway Sundae for myself.    The omelette was plain but decent.  Nothing worth talking about.  The sweet potatoe fries that came with it were really good but not so much after you take it home as leftovers.  When our waiter was taking down our orders, he had made it a point to ask me whether I had wanted my dessert after or with my entree to which I replied after since I didn't want to the ice cream to melt.  For some reason, my dessert was brought out with my entree.  When I told the guy that brought it out, he proceeded to give me attitude and told me "Well it's already here.  If I were to bring it back, it'll take another 20 minutes.  But I mean... I could bring it back if you really want."  I told him it was ok and he just rushed off.  No apology, no empathy, nothing.  Whatever.  I had a great dessert piled with whip cream that I had asked to be left out.  Oh well.  What could I have done at that point?  Overall, it wasn't worth it.  The food for the most part is mediocre (my friend told me the One-Eyed Jack was bad and that the bread was so hard it was inedible) and the prices are high.  If you want to go just to say you went, then go.  Otherwise, avoid it.  There are a bunch of great buffets (Wynn!) you can hit up in Vegas.
1448	0	Please disregard my review if you're perfectly OK with all-you-can-eat crappy food, because I know that some people are.   The service is fine, our drinks were always full, and the cashier was friendly.   I had heard so much hype about them opening in Vegas that I was honestly looking forward to trying this location out. There selection was not as big as I expected, and what really bothered us was the fact that 1/3rd of the food had NO label.   The best food I had was the steak. You see them grilling It right there and they ask how you want it done. All of the other food was pretty bland. Except the cotton candy, it's hard to have nasty cotton candy ;)
1554	0	The only good thing at the buffet was the salad, besides that it was mediocre at best.  The Mirage buffet was worth every penny at 32$.   Even if TI buffet was 10-15$, I would still go next door and pay the difference, it was that much better.   Selection, flavor, you name it.
733	1	The cheese plate is to die for!  We celebrated our 30th Anniversary dinner here and yes it was wonderful.  The only unfortunate thing was that our appetizer, the Fromage du Jour   cheese plate was so amazing, our entrees were not the star of the show.  I ordered the  Poulet Rti and my husband ordered the Gigot d'Agneau both delish.  Great service and the ambiance was wonderfully romantic.
1823	0	I AM SO UPSET. I booked a reservation for this hotel thru hotels.com, i chose the "pay later " option and guess what? i get charged now.   Ive been on the phone back and forth with hooters casino and hotels.com, both have blamed each other. Cindy here was trying to help and was giving me some good information so her customer service was not the problem.   I called hotels.com again, finally a guy (his name was jack) who knows what hes talking about and very helpful, decides to get in touch with hooters casino himself after hearing all the run a round this casino gave me, i mean i even emailed them with a screenshot of the email confirmation i received from hotels.com clearly stating I'd be charged at the time of check in (aug) they email me back simply saying i have to deal with hotels.com (poor customer service) .   So this nice guy Jack calls them, gets back on the line with me and GUESS what?? Hooters made a mistake in charging me NOW!!! Hello, ive said that 3 different times! so now theyll refund me the money, but itll take 3-7 business days.. really, u wont even compensate me for the runaround, headache or mistake you made??!! I HIGHLY doubt I'll be staying here at all from now on!!!
1004	1	So Hash House A Go Go...  Most people have heard of this place because of Man vs. Food, but I've been a fan of this place for a long time.  Its one of the few places I can say that almost every meal I've had here is a hit.  The prices are decent when you discover that the portions are HUGE.  Beware, you might not finish a meal here.  I've been here countless times, and I've yet to manage to avoid having to take out.  My 2 favorites would have to be either the Chicken Pot Pie or the Fried Chicken Eggs Benedict.  Both of which are ridiculously awesome, and both are one hell of a twist on a classic dish.  The Chicken Pot Pie is essentially a deep fried sombrero on some mash potatoes with the "filling" poured on top.... Its just magical.    The wait usually is pretty long if you go during the peak hours, ie brunch, lunch, dinner, but its totally worth it.  One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas, if not my favorite restaurant in Vegas.  A must go.
1027	1	OMG!!!  this place is the best, as soon as i found it, i came back every day i was in town!  I always get a couple slices of the White pizza, a lot of garlic, but i like that!  it is really good, thats just my opinion!  A must go to spot at the Cosmo!
191	0	To put it briefly: we paid $98 for a dinner that left me wishing we'd just hit the Chipotle down the hall in the mall. I don't mind paying Las Vegas strip prices when the food is good, but this was a huge disappointment.  The service was fine but the food was some of the most mediocre stuff I've ever had - and I'm not usually picky.  I'm not sure how one manages to make bad potato skins, but they did. For entres we had the ahi tuna salad and the steak and eggs. The eggs were watery (how do you make watery scrambled eggs? I don't know, but they managed that too!), the tuna salad had four tiny pieces of tuna that were chewy and the greens were utterly tasteless. I also ordered a lemon drop cocktail which tasted like someone mixed a small amount of liquor in some watery blue kool aid.  Needless to say, we didn't bother with dessert.  If you're getting food around here, either go cheap and hit the food court or go to the Gordon Ramsay place where you'll pay the same price and actually enjoy your meal.
1151	1	the best thai food in las vegas!   you would never guess that the best thai food in vegas is in some nondescript crappy strip mall a few miles off the strip but it is.  be prepared to wait...I dont know that they do reservations but its worth it.  the food is excellent and is quite reasonable especially when you compare it to comparable quality restaurants in the major casinos!
1079	0	Me and my friend stayed her for NYE 2010...let's just say I checked my self for mysterious bites as I returned home. There was nothing special about the room. The interior of hotel, hallways, casinos, and room felt old. The only thing they had improved, in my opinion, was a coat of paint. Which was applied over 35 year old paint.  I would never stay here again and it closely compared to my stay at the Travel Lodge, which was expected because it was a Travel Lodge and I paid for that level of comfort, or lack there of.
563	1	What more is there to say that hasn't already been said? Yes it's Gordon Ramsay's, just go! Go if you are a fan, go if you enjoy burgers and mostly go if you would ever want a chance to see him. I asked our waiter and he said that Ramsay himself shows up about every 3 weeks. He did mention that there are about 200 people or so who also want a chance to see him-so now you know!  Other than that I do personally recommend that You order your burger medium RARE! The meat is as tender and juicy as it looks in the picture.  The jalapeo shots are a good group appetizer. Yes they are spicy-as they should be!  The order of fries and onion rings are big enough to share with someone else!  Another tip! Before you ever appear on one of his shows Make sure you learn how to cook a scallop and Wellington properly! :p
470	1	This place the Hamburger is the bomb!!!! The banh mi hamburger is also the bomb!!! There drink signature drink are really refreshing and the bomb!!! (: The place is always packed unless you go there Hellas late like 12midnight.... The service is good the people there are pretty nice and polite. I will miss this place cause im leaving back to kali):....
731	0	So I was in Vegas over the weekend and I have finally recovered! What a fun weekend! Of course with all Vegas weekends there is always some type of drama and unfortunately it was hotel drama. There was 3 of us checking in and our check in went smoothly, the room was nice but upon checking in we got in our room to find our toilet was not working. We called down to have it looked at, they sent engineering up to our room and the toilet was fixed. Fast forward a few hours and I got up in the middle of the night to go to the bathroom and it was broken AGAIN...I really had to go and went down stairs to the lobby to use the restroom. I went back up after I was done, my key had been demagnetized so I had to go to the front desk to get a new key and I mentioned to the front desk person what was happening with the toilet and he was very receptive to my issue. He said we could move rooms in the morning (it was 4am) AWESOME. I went back up to the room and went back to bed. In the morning I mentioned to the girls what happened and called down to move rooms. You would think I dreamt the whole conversation with the front desk guy no one had record of the conversation, the issue or even the engineer visit upon our arrival!!. We had such an issue trying to get a new room, they finally did it but after we went downstairs to speak with guest services and a conversation with the manager. He was a smug individual and I am so surprised that this man is even in the hospitality field. He was condescending and rude and made us feel like whiny bitches. We changed rooms, bathroom worked YES!!! AC did not work well but at this point a working toilet was all I needed and as long as the room was at a comfortable temp I guess it would be fine. The one star is for the shower heads, AWESOME shower heads, water pressure and loved it so much I was taking 2 showers a day. The location is a block off the strip BUT there are a lot of questionable characters in this area, homeless people. They have a little drinking area right next to the hotel in an open lot. We were fine walking in the daytime to the strip but at night a cab was necessary. Looked a little shady. I missed the excitement of a cool Vegas hotel, I will definitely be hitting up a hotel on the strip and never stay at this hotel again.
1860	0	Had heard so much about Pinks Hot Dogs, so decided to get one for lunch today below my hotel at Planet Hollywood on the Las Vegas strip.  After eating there, I checked the reviews and was amazed to find some positive statements.  The hot dogs were thin footlong dogs, just boiled to heat them up.  What little flavor it had was quite bad.  The fries didn't have a bad taste, they had no flavor at all-  neither offensive or enjoyable.  Prices were typical Vegas, which is to say high, the food quality was poor.  I have been struggling to get the flavor, such that it was, out of my mouth for the last 20 mins.  Not at all what I expected and an utter disappointment.  I want to be reasonable but just can't find a basis to even give Pinks two stars.  Stay away and your wallet and stomach won't have to pay as I have.
1845	0	The only thing still consistent with this place is the great music. Everything else has turned to poop. Nice try with Tao Beach, but seriously.. Lose some of the tables and make a dancefloor that people can actually use.  They've decided to fill every last nook with tables and it's taken away from all the great spots to have a conversation. It also felt like they haven't paid their electrical bill, cuz there were definitely spots in the club that felt like blackholes. Would it take much to put a small light in those areas?!  Also, the carpet is disgustingly sticky and the stairway to Tao Beach is ridiculous.  Maybe my ideal clubbing experience has changed, but I don't think so. We shouldn't have to wait over 1hr for a table, when we arrived at 10:30pm. My money has chose to go elsewhere.
534	1	Las Vegas' worst kept secret!  In a sea of overpriced food and tiny portions, it's nice to have a cheaper alternative that still tastes good! It's hard to beat $5/slice on the strip! $22 for the whole pie!  You can find this pizza place inside The Cosmopolitan. There is no sign. There is no name. Just a hallway leading to a small room that serves some damn good pizza!  This place really honors the New York style pizza. Thin crust at its finest! I usually don't like eating the crust at the end, but I couldn't get enough of it! There's just enough crust, but their crust is so flavorful. I could eat just a whole pie of that crust!  Their white pizza is the best!! Three different kinds of cheese with no red sauce. Sooooo good! It's like the best cheesy bread you'll ever have! I love the dollops of fresh ricotta that's on it. Their red sauce options are pretty good also, but the white pizza is the best!  By the way, they're open ridiculously late! Totally awesome after a night of drinking at the club! Unfortunately, I didn't find out about this place until the last day of my trip, so I didn't get to taste how freakishly awesome their pizza must taste while drunk.   There's a line here during peak hours! But the wait is toooootally worth it!
623	1	I prefer the Palazzo location over the Venetian location.  My favorite is the French Toast during brunch.  It is crispy on the outside and soft, warm, and gooey on the inside.  I have never experienced French Toast like this, but I am hooked and have been since trying it a couple of years ago.  I always order it with a mimosa, freshly sliced strawberries and bananas, and it includes the caramel syrup. OMG!!!    Yum!
273	0	I was pretty stoked to check this place out, being a big Sammy Hagar fan, but I was pretty damn disappointed when it finally came to trying it out.  Dad and I went down for lunch, and we had a Groupon that was good for $30. We popped in around 12:30 PM, and it was already a difficulty just to find someone to seat us. There was no waitress around to seat us, so the hostess had us wait at the podium for a few minutes, and then she finally sat us herself. At this point, it was no biggie.  We sat down, and a waitress came up and took our drink order pretty quick...very friendly girl. She brought us some chips and salsa, which were pretty good.  I ordered the 4-item combo plate with a Carne Asada soft taco, a Chicken soft taco, a beef enchilada, and a chicken enchilada ($19) . Dad ordered Chicken nachos ($13). Let me just say, this is HIGHLY overpriced food.   The food was brought out, and we marvelled at how little was actually on our plates. Dad's nachos consisted of eight chips with chicken and cheese centered around a scoop of guacamole. To make matters worse, they were extremely bland.  My food was more of the same disappointment. I had asked for my soft tacos with just meat and cheese only, and they were PILED with stuff. When I finally wiped everything off, the meat didn't even taste great at all. It was all extremely bland. The rice was okay, but the enchiladas were HORRIFIC. I've never tasted worse green sauce in my entire life.  Throughout the meal, there was this annoying bus boy who hovered around our table. Whenever we would pause in eating, he would run up to our table and ask if he could take our plate. He did this three or four times, and every time he seemed to get cockier. Let us eat our mediocre food in peace!!  After all was said and done, I'm glad we had a Groupon...though I wished I hadn't even spent the time eating there. Avoid!
1288	0	Last time I went there were choices for the cotton candy martini's.. This time the rude bartender snapped at me and said NO, there isn't. My friend and I ordered a cotton candy martini regardless. He kept saying he was busy and would attend to our order soon. I told him to take his time and he snapped and said NO I WON'T... umm ok, I was just trying to be nice and not pressure the guy.   4 drinks and crappy service later, we paid and the bartender approached my friend when she paid and said "Sorry for the lousy service". Really? Admitting to the lousy service but not doing anything to improve it. Thumbs down. I'm seriously disappointed. I won't be returning. The Sugar factory's goblets made up for the bad service and not so great drinks.   I'm disappointed :(   OH and it was my birthday.
637	0	Food is just ok especially since they are SUPER expensive for such a small portion of food that isn't really that good. I gave them a try twice because I give everyone a mulligan just in case they have a bad day...but unfortunately, there was no change. :( They have a cool concept...but way too expensive for what you DON'T get....which is a full tummy with yummy food. You are better off trying some where else.
919	1	As I drunkly stumbled upon this place, there was no doubt that my nose had led me to this delicious pizza heaven. JK. But yes I was drunk, but a friend took us here. How could I call Vegas my backyard, if I barely just tried Secret Pizza!!  From what I remembered, the line was quite long, wrapped around the corner, but it was good for me to sober up. The interior decoration was fun, a couple machines for people to kill time with while inhaling that greasy yet mouth watering smell of fresh pizza. As I walked closer to order, my eyes widened and spotted the server tossed a freshly made Mushroom pizza in the bottom pizza drawer, I yelled (I think I yelled), I want that! Oh yes, it was filled with lots of fresh mushrooms and great crust. Wish I had ordered more, but man, it was pricy, but you do get what you paid for.   I am coming back again, hopefully more sober so I can actually take a decent picture and enjoy the pizza.
312	0	I have stayed at this Westin twice.  Was happier the first time, six years ago.  It is only about 3 blocks off the strip, near Bally's.  I think it's an easy walk to the major hotels.  The room and housekeeping service was fine.  They charge over $10/day extra for their happy hour, the water bottles in the bathroom, and parking, whether you use those things or not.  When I extended my stay by a day, the front desk neglected to tell some other department, and a hotel employee woke me up trying to chase me out of my room, six hours after I'd paid the front desk for another night.  I don't think I'll be back.
1168	0	OMG, I thought Harrah Southern California had A bad buffet, this place was nasty. The bun was literally as hard as a rock I could not bite into it for real. Waited 10min at salad section as they have to make your salad and gave up waiting. The desserts look like they sat all day the lemon meringue pie has started to flatten on the plate. NEVER AGAIN all 4 of us agreed
145	0	I'm about to go on a Vegas binge sometime soon, this review was supposed to come earlier but I've been busy this whole year! Anyways, I digress, here are some quick tips:  1. At time of writing, Bayside Buffet does still have discounts through MyVegas the facebook/iphone app.   2. Strategic timing is key. If you come at 10:45 AM for Breakfast M-F, you can get in for $17.99 and then stay for lunch when it's bumped up to $21.99. This is just common Vegas buffet savvy though! However, this DOES NOT work for dinner as it does start at 4:30 PM regardless of the day.  3. Brunch begins at 7:00-2:30 on Saturdays/Sundays.   We rolled in on a lazy Saturday afternoon around 1:00 PM towards the tail end of brunch. We knew that there might be a lot of people waiting to get in, but we weren't prepared to see that the line was pretty much completely empty. Regardless, we walked up presented our MyVegas discount to get in for 2 for 1 without problems, and then walked up to the buffet.  I remember around twelve years back heading to the Bayside for the best crab and the best desserts on the strip. A lot has changed for the worse. It seemed as though almost everything that we had was either lukewarm or cold. Even things that were supposed to be under heat lamps were still cold!  Still, being hungry, we decided to sample what they had to offer. I picked up various pieces of meat from the grill, some italian dishes, and tried their sushi. One of the things I figured out quickly was their was really low quality and the steaks that they had were mostly tasteless and full of gristle.  Furthermore, the pasta sauces were watered down and the sushi was a complete utter joke. Then again, sushi at Vegas buffets are usually not really top notch at all, but this was just seaweed covered disgusting, cold, and hard rice.  The dessert section was not any better. Most of the stuff was melting and leftover chocolate streaks from stuff already taken by other guests was all over the plates. Most places at least replace the plates that food was taken off of.  Anyways, what upset my girlfriend and I the most was one particular dish. There was a baked rolled up piece of salmon that seemed like it was going to be hot. As I cut into it and opened it up, I discovered that the inside seemed to be raw. Note, this was not some sort of fancy salmon tartar or salmon sashimi, this was supposed to be a baked piece of salmon that was fully cooked.   Anyways, I notified the waiter who promised to talk to the chef. I watched this interaction to see what would happen. The chef talked with the waiter, looked at the fish, set it down, and went back to laughing and talking to another coworker. The waiter came back and told me that the chef said it was cooked, but when I asked for the waiter's opinion he told me he wouldn't have eaten it because it looked raw.   At this point, I asked for a manager. I couldn't believe that the chef would be so careless with his guests. If he truly believed that the fish was cooked, then he should have come back and served that piece of fish to me. Instead, he didn't even come to hear my feedback or anything. Anyways, the manager chewed out the chef, took note that really almost everything was cold, and also comped our meal. So props to the manager who deserves 5 stars, but the rest of the buffet deserves 0 stars.  I would not come back to the Bayside Buffet, but perhaps your experience will be better! Best of luck to you all! :)
629	0	The price is way too high for the food. The food is decent but you can find the same food on Spring Mountain road for 1/3 the price. I had the Shichuan Dan Dan Mein and Stir-fry Lamb with Cumin. Both were ok. The portions were on the small side. The service is zombie-like and the decor is plasticky. Not recommended.
1842	1	What can I say...I absolutely love this place.  I have been here so many times and have eaten thru the menu probably.  The kalbi burger is by far my fave...the kimchi and spicy mayo...yummy.  I also love the $3 pickles as a starter...and they have boba.  Awesome!  I probably go to this place because although some of the servers this is their first job and need a little coaching they are supernice and its open til 2:00 am most days so another plus on my list.  We live in Las Vegas, the 24 hour place, but too many place close way to early and if you go to eat around 9:00..whoa bad attitude people.  This place is nice too, cause you don't have to trek thru a mob of smokers and bright little machines to get there.  Told you I love this place. :)  My only wish is that they mix up the menu a little more with more specials to suit the season and local ingredients.
1364	1	The best KBBQ in Vegas. Literally my first stop every time I visit Las Vegas.   The portion size is quite large for kbbq. You really get the most for your money here. The grill isn't sticky like other places I've been and it isn't smokey.   My favorite dish is the Korean galbi. It's not too salty and has a nice marbling of fat without being fatty. The combination of sweet meats with enoki mushrooms coupled with a sweet onion and perfectly steamed rice keeps me coming back time and time again.   When you've had enough of the overpriced food from the overhyped restaurants on the strip, hop over to gangnam for a great meal the whole family will enjoy at a price that will keep you at the poker table a little longer.
55	1	Went in with low expectations... Thinking it would be cheesy, expensive, mediocre food and small portions.  I was blown away on all accounts. Drinks were huge, portions were generous and the food was DELICIOUS and met the standards of a fine dining institution.   The Ramsay brand did not let down!  P.S. Beef Wellington FTW
826	1	This place was expensive by normal standards, although for Vegas standards, not so much. I had a regular burger, which I thought would just be average but was AMAZING. I also had one of their adult milkshakes.... OH MY GOSH it was so good and barely tasted like alcohol. I wanted to go back here the next night for dinner. That's how good it was. A must go to in Vegas.
1068	1	Shogun burger was DELICIOUS. The seared foie was so buttery and went so well with the poached Asian pear. I asked to have my burger cooked mid-rare and it was perfectly cooked.  Kiki burger and Mr. Ho's burger were also very good.   Also got the oxtail chili fries. Personally, I thought the beans in the chili were just barely undercooked but it was awesome besides that and three of us killed the plate.    Service was great. Even though the place was packed, someone was always making sure our water was filled and we had everything we needed.
346	1	I'm so happy I got a chance to eat here. The restaurant is tucked away in a strip mall off of the strip and isn't much to look at. When you get inside at first it looks like your typical Thai place. Then you take a moment and realize the walls are covered with celebrity chef pictures who have been to this place. You then notice the very impressive wine collection. The place is also consistantly packed. Now to the food it was literally a party in our mouths. The food was so incredibly flavorful and bright. It was hands down the best Thai food I have ever had and will make a point to come back every time I'm in Vegas.  I highly recommend this place to anyone. The service was also very quick and attentive.
1310	1	Here's another one of my Vegas favorites. A great place for a first date or taking friends from out of town. The ambiance here is simply one of a kind.   More neon, mirrors, and red velvet than you can shake a stick at! Oh and the video screens everywhere with cool 80's videos, those are great.   If you can, get a seat next to the water feature with flames ripping out of it, it's a little warm but pretty cool.   I've never actually eaten in the restaurant but the food in the lounge is pretty tasty. The selection is standard bar fare.   The cocktails are not the cheapest in town but they're pretty good, and delivered by sexy ladies. The super sized scorpion is good for a group.   Some of my best nights have ended here. Skip the other late night eateries and head straight for the Peppermill!
1668	0	This is an alright hotel if you just need a place to sleep and shower. However, I wasn't exactly satisfied with my experience here.   Pros:  - Decent beds. Nothing too fancy, but I still slept pretty well.   - Has a few fun souvenir and novelty shops.   - Nice honeymoon suite with a deck and a good view. It was even large enough for a small, casual wedding reception.   Cons:  - I came here with a wedding party. We were all supposed to be in rooms relatively near each other. Even though the reservation was made several months in advance, all of our rooms were on different floors and even in different towers.   - The elevators were constantly malfunctioning. On the floor which I was staying, the up button called the down elevator, and vice versa. One night, there was a 100-person wait for the elevators in my tower. There are 7 elevators in that tower alone, so there shouldn't have been an issue. In addition, I found a staircase that went to the second floor, but I couldn't find one that went up to my floor.   - 1 of the 4 lights in my room worked. The staff made no attempt to fix this during my stay.   - The food court was nothing to brag about. The food was fine, but cleanliness was lacking, and the overall feel was pretty lackluster.   - Even though it's on the strip, the Riviera is still a somewhat long walk away from any decent tourist attractions.   I suppose you get what you pay for, but I would be willing to pay more for a better hotel during my next visit to Las Vegas.
971	1	Came with a group for dinner (Burger for dinner, really?). However, I got the $24 Huber Keller burger (Buffalo meat, Caramelized onion, baby spinach and blue cheese on a Ciabatta Bun. Served with red wine and shallot sauce) and a side of onion rings (substitute for skinny fries) and it was the best burger I ever had - hands down.  With a glass of red wine - heaven.
1176	1	Awesome place. Looks really cool, plates, silverware good presentation was all very unique and cool.  The food wasn't huge portion, but the taste is incredible. Fries, dessert and burgers were all so good. When we go back to Vegas, we are coming back!  Decent prices too!!
1830	1	Well let's start with the service. Tamara was our server and we would like to give her 10 stars. The biscuits and eggs were also a 10. They have so many people working everything is do smooth. Packed house but a short wait. Best breakfast place in Vegas. We will be back!
1188	1	Me and my family went early around 730am or so and I have never been here before, the young gentleman who was really young was very swell and respectful and was caring that I had a infant and I thank him for being caring about him. Well mannered, our waiter was knowledgeable and very cool, I didn't catch his name but had a great sleeved tattooed on his right arm. The muffins are out of this world, they were so hot and fresh I was worried I want going to have room for my actual breakfast  The eggs bennidict were so delicious had a great zest to the sauce. The potatoes would have been great but there was a large amount of pepper and there specialty El Diablo of some sort of spice they created but ask them for easy on the spice. Other that great food good price. Had to take the remainder of my portion a home and I would go back
822	0	Not worth the price after having been to the Carnival World Buffet at the Rio Hotel & Casino.  This buffet was (key word, "was") rated the #1 buffet in Vegas but since the rating, there have been a whole group of buffets that have outdone this place.  This restaurant is mediocre at best.  Also, service is very spotty.  Once you go Carnival World Buffet, you don't go back!
40	0	the food was good and so was the iced coffee but they really did not want to give me much coffee. the first time i went there i got a regular size iced coffee and it was more like a cup of ice with coffee. it was delicious so i decided to go the following day, i ordered another iced coffee, this time i asked for less ice. when i got my coffee, it was filed up 3/4 way, i asked the cashier sarcastically "you guys dont fill up the cup" and all he told me was "u asked for less ice". it was disappointing, i would look for  new place with good iced coffee because they just dont really want to give you your money's worth,
1491	1	Bouchon has become one my favorite places not only in Vegas, but anywhere. The first time I went I thought the cheese course and the wine were excellent but that my dinner was not as exceptional. I will say that on my next visit everything was amazing. On both occasions I also thought the bill was pretty reasonable. That is not to say it's cheap, but I think it's reasonable and I have been charged a lot more for meals that were not nearly as nice.  I recommend the outdoor seating for those who are looking for a relaxing or romantic experience.
1174	0	Pricey and not worth it. I guess I'm spoiled by the Wynn Buffet setup is a mess and i had to ask for replenishments cuz they were out of croutons and nacho cheese. this place is cluttered and the buffet areas are tight. the staff is hit or miss. will probably never return. the only highlight was buy one get one free for staying at MGM.
1048	0	Overpriced and not at all comfortable. (hard chairs and laminate tables) We tried the buffalo and the angus. It gets two stars because I am a burger and hot dog aficionado. Nothin special about this place. Even the sweet potato fries and chips were ho hum. And what's in that stringy sticky dippin sauce?
75	1	Oh have mercy on my soul THIS was amazing!!! We were seated right away, the service was incredible and the FOOD oh man, so good wish I had another stomach! We started with the Ox tail chili fries THAT alone sold me on the place. Then we had the Bahn-mi burger and the Ronin burger holy mother of god they were SOOO delicious. Our server came and checked on us without overly checking, which was great because we were too busy stuffing our faces! LOL we then finished off the meal with Portuguese doughnuts...the coffee ice cream was to die for. I can honestly say, THIS has been such a great food orgasmic experience that we will ALWAYS come here when we're in town! Thank you for the amazing food and service! An absolute must if your in town!
1563	1	Enough posts here to lead you to the joint so I don't need to say anymore. I gave it five stars in that the pizza is excellent. The meatball onion was to die for. Great thin crust. They do make whole pizzas for you too if they don't have slices that you want. Not bad, four slices two drinks $20 bucks. The guy was taking orders on the phone, but not sure how you get through when they, "Don't exist"
1658	0	HUGE.  CROWDED.  drunk girls peeing behind clear glass doors (they forget to flip the privacy switch).  This place is impressive, but try tryst, or guess XS, for something better.  I will say we got in for free by claiming to know somebody, didn't have to wait in line.  Bouncers here like to yell at people though.
882	0	A seductive female devil sporting a two piece bikini, thigh high boots and a pitch fork surrounded by flames & palm trees got my attention.  While staying at the Monte Carlo on Las Vegas Blvd we thought we hit the jackpot having a Diablo's Cantina attached to the hotel.      The food was kick-ass, I will give them that.  The guacamole was creamy, packed with just the right amount of heat and was topped with diced tomatoes & a sprinkle of fresh sea salt.  We also ordered the chicken nachos, holy shit they were huge.   They had to have weighed at least 5 pounds.  Fresh crisp tortilla chips layered with melted cheese, shredded chicken and lines of sour cream.  Seated at the tables closest to the side walks enjoying the people watching we were spotted by a couple we knew and they joined us for some drinks.  They asked the server to bring us another round clearly saying that the round was on them.  The server not only charged them, but when we received our bill, we were also charged for the same drinks.  I explained to her that you already charged the couple who left for those drinks, and as good as they were I did not lose track of how many $7.50 margaritas I drank.  She then played dumb and sent over the manager.  The manager showed up running his mouth like he wanted to fight. Already having had several drinks & knowing how little the LVPD tolerates patrons beating up a manager of a bar no matter how rude and obnoxious he was, I simply smiled, stiffed the waitress on the tip & left.  Until the incident with the blatant double charging of the drinks and the unnecessary attitude from the manager I thought the food, drinks & atmosphere were 5 stars!! Just a heads up to Diablo's staff, dumb clueless servers who hustles there customers with her pimp like manager's support gets you very few stars.
99	1	This place is pretty good. The food is not the best, but it's good. The buffalo chicken wraps are really tasty. The chicken parm was a bit toooo breaded, but even the lunch serving is MASSIVE. The "small salads" are huge! Just on food, I'd give this place 3.5 stars. BUT! They're 24 hours which is really nice to have a place 24 hours in the hotel and the price is right! Most places in Vegas, the pricing is at a premium, but this place? It's a deal!! Ate here 2 times with a family of four and both times got out for just about $50.
1453	1	I was here a few months back for EDC weekend and I will DEFINITELY be coming back.  We barely waited at all to be seated given that it was a weekend with a lot of traffic, again due to EDC, even though we were a larger group. It was so great! I had the skillet and my husband had one of their burritos and we were full for the rest of the day!  However, the highlight of our meal was the banana nut muffin! Oh my goodness was it the best muffin I've ever had! I love this place and will be back for sure.
1272	1	Better known as "the establishment responsible for robbing me of half a day's worth of tourist time."    How, you ask? Well...  (Cue dream harp flashback sequence music.)  We started the day off with every intention of being productive. Woke up at a decent enough time (especially considering that we were on vacation mode), and headed to brunch at the Hash House.   Loved the dcor (sleek and modern), and was tickled by their slogan - "Twisted Farm Food" (farm fresh food with a 'twist').  After perusing the menu, I knew immediately that I wanted the Fried Chicken & Waffles Tower. How could I not?! I mean, a TOWER of fried goodness! I shot down my hubby's attempt to share an order, determined to take down the tower (and save the princess?) on my own.   My dish arrived, and I was in foodie heaven. Laced with crispy bacon pieces, these waffles were no ordinary Eggos. And the fried chicken. Oh. My. Goodness. Infused with sage and fried to absolute perfection -- I would have no qualms with eating THESE chicken pieces out of a red and white bucket with my bare hands! Thankfully, we were provided with silverware so this was not necessary. I used my knife and fork to tackle my fried food tower like a civilized person thankyouverymuch.  As could have been predicted, I was defeated by the tower of gluttony. Though undoubtedly delicious - I couldn't eat another bite. In hindsight, I probably should have agreed to split an order. Alas, I had once again become a victim of 'eyes bigger than tummy' syndrome.   Here's where the details get sketchy. We headed home (or did we go for Boba first?), and somehow made it to one of the bedrooms. We each felt the need to (falsely) assure one another that we were not going to fall asleep. I wanna say we put in a DVD. I wanna say my sister and I were even munching on some Swedish Fish as an attempt to further perpetrate our 'we're totally normal' act.   I wanna say we succumbed to food coma pretty instantaneously.   It must have been a pretty sad sight when my mom walked in to find all of us completely unconscious -- my sister and I laid out on the bed (with an, ahem, EMPTY Swedish Fish bag between us), and our respective men sprawled out on the floor (one of them with his belt and pants button undone to accommodate his fullness).   Oh, and I should mention - this was FIVE hours later. We had taken a FIVE HOUR midday siesta, thanks to our Hash House feast. We were forced to throw in the towel on any plans we originally had for the day, and made a pact to one another that we would not let this happen again.  (Music screeches to a halt.)  Until, that is, we met the 30-inch pizza. Alas, a story for another day...
528	0	Eek.   Went to this buffet two days in a row during a trip in Vegas. It drips with mediocrity. You'll notice they have SO MANY choices but none of them are executed well.  This buffet leaves you with a full belly but little satisfaction.  The mini donuts were fab. 2 stars.
106	0	DISGUSTING!  After waiting for an hour, we finally arrived near the end of the line where I can grab my strawberry soda. After paying my cheap admission price of ~$12, I was eager to start my dinner with hopes it would be decent given all the hype.   10 minutes later, I ate raw canned corn which were half cooked, a piece of steak that was rock solid when suppose to be medium rare, chow mein which tastes far from even mein, and lukewarm broccoli. It made me really appreciate the other bad buffets I have been too. This is by far the worst buffet I have been to.   The floor was grossly dirty. Pieces of bread and meat lingered all over. Parents were letting their kids roam free, dropping ice cream and strawberries. I even saw a kid pick his booger out before using the same hand to grab a corn on the cob. Needless to say, I lost my hungry appetite FAST.   The salad bar was not any better. The lettuce was not in cold temperature. The dessert section was mediocre with plain peach cobblers. Not worth the drive. Now worth the wait. Not worth the price. Just not worth it at all.
1963	0	So I was really excited to try this place.  I heard Pink's is the #1 hot dog, better than gray's papaya in new york.  I seriously couldn't wait after I saw that Planet Hollywood had a Pink's there.  i decided to order something different.  It was the hollywood dog or something like that..  I didn't like it at all.  I didn't want to try anything else because I paid $16 for a hot dog, fries, and a coke.  They get two stars because I liked the fries.  My friends told me I would like the los angeles location better.  Hopefully it is better than Las Vegas.
1234	1	I love it here. Expensive but worth it. Service is awesome and quality is amazing. They even gave us ice cream macarons which are heavenly. I would definitely come back and tell all my friends. I was really happy when i left because it was a great experience for us!
367	0	I had to see what the hype is all about, with the line out the door every single night since it opened up a couple of weeks ago.  Going in, I didn't think the Corral would live up to my expectations.  Coming out, I decided it didn't, and I will not be returning.  And to be honest, if I had to choose, I'd much rather take my money over to Hometown now that it will be less crowded OR starve.   We arrived five minutes to 6, and the line was already out the door.  We waited a good 20 minutes before we made it to the cash register.  We were able to take advantage of the 2 for $20 special.  The promotion starts after 4 pm, Monday thru Thursday.  The third person had to pay the regular price, eh, no big deal.  We were seated fairly quickly after we paid.    Food was just okay, maybe slightly better than HTB, but not by much.  That cotton candy machine brings a nice touch to the dessert station, but it is super sticky that I did not bother with it.  Everything else was overly sweet.    Service was just okay as well.  Our server forgot to refill my brother's soda, and she never bothered to ask if I needed refill with my water.  I think the drink station should be made accessible to make things easier for all of us.    I can't say I was too disappointed with this place as I didn't have high expectations to begin with.  So if you go in with that attitude, then you'll be alright.
84	1	I'm keeping this review short since there are so many to review from.  Service - 5 stars Food - 5 stars Price - 4 stars (a bit pricey but you get what you pay for so to speak)  We were recently in Vegas celebrating my boy's bachelor party.  We came in with a party of 10 and were instantly greeted and seated.  They gave us some pistachios and bread to start with.  Try the bread with a little butter and their home made mustard.  The combo sounds kinda weird, but it's killer!  To warm the taste buds, I ordered the cream of mushroom.  It was very tasty but nothing extraordinarily different.  However, for my main course, I ordered the sirloin steak sous vide with vegetables.  Mid order, I asked the waiter if I could swap the veggiies for fries.  He said, the order comes with the veggies but that he'd bring 3 baskets of fries for our group on the house.  And as for the steak, it was vacuumed sealed to capture the juices....and it definitely tasted that way.  Juiciest Sirloin ever!  Cooked to perfection and was super tasty.
1671	0	The worst experience at a buffet I've had in a long time, from beginning to end.   The girlfriend and I visited because we had a Groupon (probably should have been the first hint) and and we didn't feel like cooking. We read the reviews before we bought the Groupon. I just thought the bad reviews came from those who were a little too picky (I was wrong.) So we went with a clear mind, willing to give this place every chance it deserves.   Service (scale from 1-5, where 5 is excellent) - 1  We arrived, and walked up to the cashier. Boy, she must have been having a bad day; not the attitude I expect from a restaurant. No smile, no hospitality whatsoever. Kinda made me feel like I want wanted there. Anyways, I got over it, we stood and waited for the host to show us to the table. Her attitude was not much better. Ugh, not a good start. We waited about five minutes before our server came and took our drink orders. I swear, there must be a theme to this restaurant or something. She looked like she was barely tolerant of our existence. Expected so, the worst service I have ever experienced. We hardly saw here throughout the dinner. Even when she saw us waving her over, she would ignore it.   Food - 2  Now let's get to the food. Oh...the food. The only thing that was good there were the crab legs, the shrimp cocktail, and the charcuterie. That's because you can't really mess that up. Everything else was just downright bad. The prime rib was completely overcooked and tough. The baby back ribs were overcooked and hard. The bread they served were rock hard. Pretty much nothing in their hot stations that we had were very appetizing. We hate to waste food but sadly, most of the plates that we got were full when they took it away. We read that the saving grace is the dessert station. Not necessarily. Well, they do have frozen custard, which is the best thing there. They also have a Macaron cookie which was done pretty well. They have maybe ten varieties of cupcakes, and are way too sweet in my opinion. The fruit tart, stale. The crepes in the crepe station are pre-made packaged.   Value - 4  I give this a four given that the deal was from Groupon; $35+ for two people, alcohol included.   All in all, a pretty horrible experience, which prompted me to leave a review. I think they should seriously look into the service part of the establishment. It can make or break an experience, and on this occasion, it shattered it beyond repair.
1537	1	The spicy tuna kimbab was probably what life is supposed to be (i loved it) the service was quick and the selection while not massive, is still accommodating beer selection is quick and to the point and gives you the best selections from a few different regions all in all a great experience.
71	1	Oh Bouchon Las Vegas. I'd love to able to say that I've had to pleasure of enjoying the food from the Yountville establishment, but my travels have brought me to Vegas before that.  Greg and I selected Bouchon after looking at the menu (extensively) and the wine list (more extensively) and thought that this would be one of the shining moments in our trip, assuming we didn't win millions of dollars in the casino.  As it turns out, I'd say this was a pretty awesome experience and not anything that felt like were in Vegas at a hotel on the Strip.  After being seated we were given bread on the table, and told that the bread was meant to be eaten with the room temperature butter (hard table butter = loss of a star) and some Dijon mustard.  Absolutely delicious, and continued to eat through two servings of the bread.  Our waiter, who I am TERRIBLY sorry to have forgotten his name, was warm, pleasant, not cheesy and very informative.  He helped Greg select a bottle of wine for us and also helped select a sampling of the fromage from the menu.  Ultimately, we selected the Bleu d'Auvergne, Pont l'Evque, and the Fiscalini Bandaged Cheddar.  The cheeses were accompanied with some fuji apple slices and honeycomb, along with cranberry walnut toasts.  We agreed that the top two cheeses from the selection were the Bleu and Cheddar cheeses.  The third cheese was a little too stinky for our liking, even with the honey and apples.  For our appetizer, we selected the Molle Rtie, or the bone marrow dish.    And here is where I completely break down.  This dish falls into the category of dishes I would have no shame in licking the plate.  The bone marrow, served with two bones and toasts to accompany, was soft, delicate, and melted onto the toasts.  The part that blew my mind = the reduction sauce that comes with it.  I mean, this sauce is COMPLETELY out of this world.  The consistency was just a touch lighter than French Onion soup but came with all the wonderful flavors including juices from the bones.  I mean, this dish in itself is worth coming here for.  We asked for more bread so that we could dip it into the sauce, secretly debating whether or not we should go as far as licking the plate.  I was sad when they took the empty plate away.  Our waiter was gracious enough to warn us that the Steak Frites came with a mountain of fries, and since we were both ordering it, that one of us have a side of steamed garlic spinach instead.  Completely insightful and helpful when I saw the Mt. Everest of fries piled onto the plate.  The steak came with an herb butter and was a generous sized portion.  Greg and I literally ate until it became unbelievably uncomfortable, which meant that we had only gotten through about 80% of the steak and 60% of the fries.  I was saddened by the fact that I had overindulged in the things leading up to this, but had no regrets in doing so. Ultimately, the poor little side of delicious garlic spinach sat half done and I really made an effort to finish my plate but had to wave the white flag before it was gone.  Naturally, we passed on dessert although I had a cappuccino to try and start the digestion process and enjoyed being in each other's company for the rest of the time.    This was a great experience, and we really enjoyed everything about Bouchon.  Previously we had been to Bradley Ogden in Caesar's and was sort of so-so on the whole dining experience.  I'm glad we selected Bouchon, it completely exceeded our expectations and created a new standard for fine dining in our opinion.
1117	1	Wow!! Best burger I have had in such a long time! I got the Gordon Ramsay burger and onion rings. The burger had duck bacon which was a little like turkey bacon but better. The flavors here just blend so well together. The service is fast and the waiters were so polite and helpful about the menu questions we had.  I love this place! I always try to stop by here when I am in town!
1426	0	I went to outside walk up lines.  Service was bad.  Wait was way too long to receive order.  Food (nachos) were literally thrown together.  Looked like mushy mess.  Pretzel was dry and hard.  Frozen hot chocolate was just a shake in a plastic cup you could get anywhere.  Very disappointing.
1722	0	I seriously don't understand the hype.  I went on an adventure to just to get here, and I was fairly disappointed. The line wrapped around and almost reached the dining tables. The wait just to order took about 30 minutes, and the wait for the food was about an additional 20.  I ordered a bunch of cheese sliders and original sliders to bring back to the hotel for my group of friends. Needless to say, my first White Castle slider will probably be my last White Castle slider. There was nothing special about it, and I definitely was not impressed. The patty was incredibly thin and I don't remember it tasting much like anything.  I will consider trying the one on the east coast, but I will not be returning to this location.
1580	0	I love this restaurant and especially their wonderful to-go counter.  The hostess always greet and are very polite as well as the counter staff. On several occasions the manager working named Margaret or Marjorie (not sure but she works morning and afternoon) has been extremely rude and unfriendly. She doesn't smile or make eye contact with anyone and looks miserable. It's very sad to see someone dislike their job as much as she does and I'm sure her employees pick up on it. Hire someone friendly they are supposed to turn around bad experiences not create them.
398	0	This weekend was my first time in Vegas- came with a friend here on business, so his company covered the room. He was working at the conference center, hence the hotel choice. He drove in from LA and was much later than my flight, and the hotel was nice enough to be able to transfer the prepaid room into my name so that I could check in.   We were on the 24th floor with resort club privileges- not sure what to compare this to, because the room was pretty generic. We got a letter listing our resort level benefits, including lounge access on our floor to have a light breakfast, snacks, and wine/cheese social in the evenings, which was a nice touch. Also included free fitness center access, which I'd researched upon arriving and balked about the $20/day access fee- which is insane considering what is actually available. It's essentially a room of weight machines, some treadmills, and three outdated ellipticals. I was surprised. Used it for what I needed and left, but nothing there was worth even half of that access fee for the weekend, let alone the day. Room came with printer-- but I am still waiting, an hour and a half later, for someone to bring me the cord to actually USE it. Housekeeping says they're still looking for it and to go to the business center instead. Will do, but not thrilled about it. Also, my partner was a little annoyed not to get the slippers/robe listed among our amenities.   I'm not a casino fan, so I didn't evaluate that, but the giant sports screen at the Superbook was pretty cool. Didn't want to do the buffet, so went to Paradise Cafe instead on my first night alone. Date and I did the sushi bar inside of Bennihana's the following night.  Having access to the monorail was a plus.  All in all, aside from the printer cable situation and fitness center access fees, it was fine. But just fine. Expectations were a little higher.
1786	1	I'll have to admit that I'm a Thomas Keller fangirl. French Laundry and Per Se were my first two bookmarks on Yelp (#dinnergoals), and I've dined at this particular Bouchon location twice. One of the greatest French cuisine chefs in the world is actually an American who added his own American, playful flair to classic haute cuisine. Reservations are recommended.  I've yet to go for brunch but their dinner is excellent. The ambiance is fun, but intimate. They start off your meal with braided baguettes and butter. My husband and I split the salad lyonnaise and escorgot as our appetizers which were both light and flavorful. I ordered the steak frites because I was feeling basic but the matre d'htel butter on top was heavenly and the steak melted in my mouth (#noragrets). We opted to grab dessert elsewhere but I highly recommend the creme brle here! Service was friendly and attentive.  I look forward to coming back again the next time I'm in Vegas!
1724	1	We were in Vegas for a day and needed a place to take the family of 7 to breakfast.  Checked Yelp and this place was rated #2 for the area.  So we drove over.  When we arrived, the restaurant was full and there were about 20 people waiting outside.  To me, that was a good sign.  We put in our name and waited only about 15 minutes to get seated.    We were immediately greeted by our server Kat and while we were looking at the huge breakfast menu, she was busy slinging our coffee and juices.  It is really hard to make a selection off of their menu.  Everything sounded really good.  Even Kat (the server) couldn't narrow it down to the "best item."  She said the best she could do was a "top 10."    We all ordered something different.  I had the Blackened Prime Rib Eggs Benedict.  It was really amazing.  The Hollandaise sauce tasted exactly how it was supposed to taste.  The Prime Rib could have been a little more blackened for my taste buds, but it was still very good.  Other members of my group had the Hawaiian breakfast with Portuguese Sausage, eggs and sticky rice.  Also ordered was the Chicken Fried Steak Skillet, the Blueberry Waffles, Blueberry Pancakes and your basic egg, meat and potato dish.  Everything was good.  Everyone at the table was raving at how good the food was and how they were all happy with their choices.  The banana nut muffins were an extra special treat.    One more thing.  The service was amazing.  Kat was great...and the manager even came out and checked on us.  Great service!  And, to top it all...all seven of us and were out the door in under an hour even though it was a packed house.    So if you are visiting Vegas and looking for a place to go, forget those expensive buffets and places on the strip and head over to this place.  I guarantee you that you won't be disappointed!
1737	1	Made an effort to try a Thomas Keller restaurant and was not disappointed at all. Highly recommended!! We had the croque madame and its one of the best I've had. The monay sauce was not overwhelming, the rich melted cheese goes well with the ham and the brioche was perfectly made. Generous portions of well cooked fries! Will definitely come back!
370	1	Perfection in every way. No, seriously.  We were seated quickly by a friendly hostess and greeted instantly by our waitress who was incredibly kind and checked on us often. I never needed to ask for any refills. SPEAKING OF WHICH, they give you a large container of coffee to help yourself. Amazing for beating that hangover. So is the food. Oh.... The food...  It's great and the menu is HUGE. I enjoyed a veggie omelet while my buddy had French toast stuffed with eggs and cheese. Told you you'd be beating that hangover. The home fries are top notch as well.  I love the table system of alerting the wait staff when you need something. There's a smily face at your table that you simply turn to the frowny side. What a good idea.  Needless to say, I loved it here. I now have a new breakfast spot for my Vegas weekends.
469	0	We were staying at Mandalay Bay on 9/18 and decided to try the breakfast buffet. I wish I would have checked Yelp first! The service was nice, but the food was horrible! I tried some cold tater tots, stale pancakes with blueberry filling, greasy french toast sticks and fruit. The fruit was the only edible item on the buffet.
1356	0	Room was clean, we rubbed the ass, and it's in a great location for visiting both the Strip and Downtown. I liked it, it has a very lived in vibe. Be warned, the food there is thoroughly rubbish -- not trashy enough to be good bad, but not nearly good enough to be good.
357	1	We usually watch Anthony Bourdain shows for food ideas when we are traveling to exotic international destinations. We don't consider Vegas in that set but we were glad we saw the recent Season 3 show just before a quick weekend trip there.  When our hotel, the Las Vegas Renaissance, also recommended Lotus of Siam, we knew we had to make a visit.   We took a taxi about 2 miles from the hotel (which is near the convention center) to reach the strip mall -yes, it looks a little unexciting from the outside on a Monday morning at 11:45 am. We met two other traveling friends there, and focused on the Northern Thai food (near the back of the menu) that is Lotus of Siam's specialty.   Between the 4 of us, we enjoyed Sai Oua (northern Style Sausage), Northern Larb, and two orders of the  Khao Soi, described as a typical Burmese influenced dish is served with egg noodles in a curry base with a touch of coconut cream, with your choice of meat. (We tried both the pork and the chicken versions.)  All were excellent, and very spicy, although you can request spice levels from 1 to 10. See photos here: http://www.travelingwiththejones.com/2014/05/10/anthony-bourdain-knows-good-food-northern-thai-in-las-vegas/  Take the short taxi ride. Order from the Northern Thai specialties. Enjoy! Perhaps Las Vegas is an exotic international destination after all.
1344	1	Bouchon was out of control.   This was a highlight of our honeymoon. I was so looking forward to this meal and knew after we got here, nothing would compare. And we were right.   We were sitting next to a lovely couple who highly recommended the chicken and waffles and what a recommendation it was.   Let's just say the bread and butter course was the best I've ever had.   We started with the basket of pastries. We had the raspberry beignets. Full of freshly prepared raspberry jam with a crispy exterior. The chocolate almond croissant was incredible. The pecan sticky bun was topped with so many pecans! But my favorite of all was the cheese pastry. It was a muffin full of mascarpone cheese and it was heavenly.   For our entrees we split the eggs Benedict which was good but I could have done without. The chicken and waffles was the star of the show. Bacon cheddar waffles with perfectly roasted chicken with mushroom bacon gravy poured on top. Like, are you kidding?! It was perfect. The side of fries and bacon were also exceptional.   We mentioned that we were on our honeymoon and were sent a delicious creme brulee on the house that was, of course, perfect.   Everything was amazing. Between service, food, and value this place is not to be missed.
1224	0	If u want to eat at a place similar to Dennys, but over priced?? Come to this place...  Wasn't satisfied with my food, nor my coffee...   Is a traditional American breakfast with a fancy name... Nothing else I can say about this place... not worth it...
1736	1	Come here with an empty stomach and an appetite or be prepared to take some food home. The portions are huge! The breakfast menu is one of the most diverse that I've ever encountered. 4-egg omelettes and scrambles seem to be the rule in Las Vegas. The Egg & I omelettes were delicious and loaded with cheese. We had a veggie omelette and a veggie scramble. The potatoes were seasoned just right. Reading prior Yelp reviews beforehand, I doubted that the banana nut muffins could live up to the hype. Boy was I wrong. Excellent. Fluffy and not too heavy on the banana. Prepare for a large crowd and a wait on the weekend. The hostesses were very pleasant and friendly. The bus staff too. And our server, Tamara, was a delight.
1728	0	I went here during a busy holiday weekend, and the buffet was PACKED. There were two options to get into the buffet: wait in line and pay the normal price (which I did and ended up waiting for nearly an hour), or pay the express line price. Those who paid the express line price got to zip through the line, but they got the same food for a lot more money. I didn't think it was worth it.   The food itself was good, and this buffet had lots of options. However, the service was abysmal. You have to write your drink order on a card instead of telling the waitress. We didn't know that, and we waited a while for the waitress to arrive. Once she did, we didn't have our card ready so she just left. I ended up not getting my drink until I had finished my first plate. That sucked. Plus, we never got refills. This place was definitely NOT worth the cost.
789	0	If YOU Don't have a SEVEN STARS or a DIAMOND CARD. Expect a Very Long Wait..!! They DO NOT Cater and are NOT Welcoming to People who are trying the Establishment for the First Time. LUCY, who I believe might be the manager (hostess) kept telling us different things. We were a party of 12. One minute we have a Table and next minute, We DON'T..!! Our Tables were taken by a Seven Stars or Diamond Card Holder..  THE FOOD WAS NOT WORTH IT..!!!!! The Wait or the Lies Left a Bad Taste in My Mouth..!!  I Don't Think I Will Be Coming Back... :(
1296	1	Excellent. Love the food, love the space. Standouts for me (I go 4 or 5 times a year) include:  1. The Cheese Danish. It's cupcake sized/shaped with a lemony cream cheese filling and flaky pastry.  2. Eggs Benedict. A thin, crispy English muffin..... need i say more?  3. The daily quiche. Always a winner and the green salad it comes with is key with it's bright flavor that provides a nice contrast to the savory quiche filling.  One thing I would say is Bouchon is my favorite for breakfast, not for dinner. Personal taste I'm sure, but I prefer the clean flavors of breakfast and dinner was just too busy for my taste, and too expensive.
1809	1	Me and the Misses were craving a burger and fries! We were staying at PH and stopped by Gordon Ramsay's Bugr but holy cow (no pun intended!)...that line and wait time for a juicy beef burger was super long!  Whipped out the Yelp app, and saw some bomb ratings for Holsteins right across the walkway bridge at the Cosmo. Conveniently located on the 2nd floor by Marquee, it was super easy to find and we were seated within 15 minutes.  Decor is super interesting! Looks modern but if you have a fear of cows, stay away haha. Lots of cartoonish cows everywhere!   Burgers were a little under $20 each which isn't bad considering it's the Cosmo! The wifey had the GOLD STANDARD BURGER. This thing was fully loaded with bacon, arugala, tomato confit, and a garlic sauce. I went a little bit out of bounds and got the RISING SUN BURGER...kobe beef, teriyaki glaze, and a piece of avocado tempura!  Not the best burger I EVER had, but it was super solid and tasty. My only complaint were that the fries and onion rings tasted like generic frozen ones...but they were included with the burger, while most places charge for fries separately.  I'd come back...especially if I'm staying at Cosmo!
1064	1	My fianc and I went here for the first time during late night happy hour. Our overall experience was 5 star worthy. We were seated right away and greeted with a smile. Happy hour menu is small but all items had good portions. Our favorite was the beef carpaccio. Must must try! We had the beef trop and pork toro was so juicy and flavorful. We'll definitely come here again in a few days heheh.
585	1	This is the best burger joint in Vegas. Had the hell's fire burger, sweet potato fries, wings for appetizer and a chocolate shake. Everything tasted fresh. Burger was great size and cooked to perfection. Sweet potato fries were so good and were sprinkled with powdered sugar. Wings were amazing. Service was awesome.  Will definitely come back.
1901	1	My husband and I found this place on yelp and because of the rating And hours, we gave it a shot. Secret Pizza is the BEST pizza we have ever had and my husband is pretty much a pizza critic. So delicious and next time we get to come in town, we will be back!!
1428	0	I was in live for an hour last night when finally got to cashier to make my order I got 2 regular no onion and no cheese and  10 jalapeo no cheese- none where jalapeo and all cheese - all burgers ended up in the trash - 1 AM you know I was hungry ! Lost my appetite when saw wrong order -I try to call the vegas number and no way to be transfer to manager no one picks up. Left 5 messages no one bother to call back !!  No excuse to take bad order !!  Hire none experienced young kids to work !  Bad bad and bad !
1652	1	This place is amazing  ! We had to wait about 45 min (weekend) but it was definitely worth it , wife and I had the marinated kalbi and prime kalbi definitely get the marinated version . We also had bacon asparagus and fondue cheese broccoli as well as 2 other meats we forgot the name of but it was thin sliced ... Amazing. Our food took awhile but they served us extra side dishes !!! Amazing !!!!
1874	0	I normally love Brazilian food, but this place sucked!  You pay $40 per person and a bunch of guys walk around with meat on a skewer and cut off pieces for you.  We had our choice of I think 10 different meats.  Sadly, most of them lacked flavor and just were overly salty.  The salad bar was good however, but still not worth the hefty $40 price tag for some salad and a few pieces of meat.
1558	1	This is a great pizza joint. The best pizza ever? No, my heart belongs to Metro pizza and nobody can beat Metro. But this is absolutley the best pizza on the strip. It's just kinda perfect. Cosmo is my favorite strip casino and this place is the perfect place to start the night or end the night. Be careful if you choose to end your night there...there tends to be alot of drunken club-goers...which is great for people watching...most of the girls are a mess...they're either drunk, or acting drunk, shoes are off, hair is a mess, makeup all smudged and the spanx has given up! It's small and it's located at the end of a long hallway, so if it's busy and the line extends into that long hallway and it's full of those drunkin club folks, don't be surprised if someone vomits. Now that Those Guys Pies has opened in Summerlin, I do not have to trek to the strip for this pizza. Easily the best white pizza ever--definitely can't keep this place a secret.
1399	0	OK --so you go to this place BECAUSE it is what it is! you know? you see it and it's cute! and you wanna try it because it's sooo popular! And then you go, and you're disappointed. LOL.  Well, first of all...I made reservations. When I go there, the hostess was like dumbfounded, as if she's never seen someone make a reservation before.  Whatever-- we were seated. When we ordered, it was like a 50 minute wait for our food to ACTUALLY come. When it did, my breakfast potatoes were freakin' crispy! and it was somewhat cold. It was hard enough that I had to get breakfast at almost 2 in the afternoon..haha. Our service was horrible too...she barely came around so we couldn't even ask where the hell our food was.  At the end...we ordered the frozen hot chocolate because that is what they're known for.. We got it as a complimentary dessert because the waitress knew our food took forever! And when we drank it...we were like, this is a milkshake.. hahaha.  So please get it together Serendipity! You are  so lucky it's so damn cute in there! I mean look at the damn plates...they're adorable!!!!
698	1	One of my absolute favorite restaurants!  The burger quality is perfect.  I usually go for well done because I don't like ANY pink but when I come to Bachi I make sure I order it medium rare because the flavor is SO much better.  The service here is quite slow and often times they have forgotten an item we ordered but to me its absolutely worth the wait.  We always get the garlic chili edamame, truffle fries and salt and vinegar fries.   We also love the Oxtail fries but really recommend to buy it when you're with a bigger group since it is  A LOT of food.   ENJOY!  :D
119	0	So a vegetarian walks into a burger joint.... But seriously, my two partners wanted burgers and this place boasted a veggie burger, so I was sold! Result? Food was good! I did the Inferno Burger with a black bean patty (skip the warm lettuce) and add onion strings. It was yummy, good kick of spice and the patty was charred to perfection, just enough to crispiness. My boyfriend fell in love with the bacon & eggs sliders. He called the mini quail eggs cute- and devoured them. My BFF had the Dante with a turkey patty and loved it- especially the blue cheese. Bad news though!! Service was bad, bad, bad. They need to look at their staffing plans- our server was swamped with too many tables! She was filling drink orders, ringing up checks and helping at least 6 tables; meanwhile, 2 hosts were standing around doing nothing. At least 4 guys were bussing tables and done, standing around with nothing to do. There were at least 4 bartenders, yet they were all standing together taking. My drink never came, and we had no utensils while our food sat at our table. The saving grace was how nice and apologetic our server was!
661	1	My FAVORITE Grand Lux Cafe is the one inside Palazzo.  It's open LATE and the food is amazingly good for a casual chain restaurant.  Some of my favorites:  spicy calamari salad, shrimp scampi, miso glazed salmon, and caramel chicken.  Desserts are great too - can't go wrong with a batch of freshly baked chocolate chip cookies or the beignets with 3 sauces.  It's definitely worth the money.
1813	1	I saw Lotus of Siam featured on the Travel Channel and it received rave reviews as the best Thai restaurant in Las Vegas.  I visited there for lunch and was not disappointed.  This is not only the best Thai I've had, but one of the best restaurants I've ever visited.  The prices are reasonable enough to ensure that I will be a repeat customer.  During my visit I ordered the fried wontons for the appetizer and the Thai spaghetti for the main course.  The spaghetti was delicious and perfectly prepared.  I visited on a Wednesday afternoon and the place was busy for lunch.  Nevertheless, I got a table right away and the service throughout the meal exceeded my expectations.  After the main course I ordered the coconut ice cream, which was the perfect way to end such a great meal.  The portions were all suitable for one diner, negating the need for takeout boxes.  The menu is large enough and features a varied assortment of Thai dishes that will make you want to come back and try something new.
123	1	Located in Planet Hollywood, Gordon Ramsay Burgr can be found near the front entrance to the right of the Miracle Mile Shop entrance.  There were only 2 in my group, so the wait was not too long.  I'd imagine a larger group would have a longer wait, especially during a peak time.  I had already planned to order fries and a burger.  My waitress told me that the burgers can sometimes take a while to cook, so she suggested that I have my fries come out first so I'd have something to munch on.  Worked for me, but something to note in case you're sensitive about that type of thing.  If you order the sweet potato fries, go ahead and tell your server that you're going to need an extra serving of the honey jalapeno mayo that comes with it.  That stuff alone could get 5 stars.  It is so good.  Also, the order of fries was large enough to share between two people.  For my burger, I ordered the Farm Burger.  It's served with cheddar, duck breast bacon and a fried egg.  In case you missed that, I said duck breast bacon.  This was a delicious burger.    One helpful piece of info, if you are a Total Rewards member and show your card, you can get special pricing that comes out to a $1 off several items.  It's free to join at the Total Rewards desk found in the casino.
1107	0	This place was a joke, we went there after making a reservation that they would not honor.  After 2 hours in the line, they approved us to get inside.  So was it worth the wait, no way. The place was packed so much that we couldn't even move once we got in.  Got pushed around, one drunk guy even picked a fight with me since we got pushed over him.  The bounders sided the other guy coz it looked like he had paid more money to get a table (can run upwards of 5k on weekends).   All in all, an experience I just want to forget.  There are much better clubs in Vegas, avoid this at all costs.. or rather unless you cough up 5 grand.
1152	0	I've heard a lot of good things about this but I wasn't impressed. I went during lunch to the outdoor portion. I think the food was overpriced. I think I paid 11 bucks for just an average salad. They have outdoor seating but there was bird poop on all the seats and the birds fly everywhere while you eat. I'd still like to try the frozen hot chocolate, but other than that I don't plan on going back.
3	0	This buffet is crap if you eat here at least once a day, which we did for 5 days during our stay. Lunch is basically leftovers from the previous night's dinner, but guess what, the menu never changes! It's the same stuff every day. However, one day, there was NY Steak straight from the grill, but the price per person shoots up to like $40 (not worth it for just steak and the same stuff). One extra star for the frozen yogurt at the dessert area, which I never got sick of.
1699	0	Poor quality.  We both ordered yaki udon, one beef one chicken.  We are meat lovers and neither of us ate the meat.  The beef was gristly and the chicken wasn't fresh.  The noodles were mushy.  The hot sake was harsh!  Disappointing for the money.  Waiter was mediocre.  Wouldn't go back.
792	0	Came here for lunch. It's around $20/person. After taxes my family of 3 paid almost $70 and it was definitely not worth it. There was barely anything appetizing to eat, the variety is very limited. There is a lot of bread, a lot of cold salad, a small asian and italian station (very limited and unappealing). The food is not that hot and the taste was meh. The dessert and drinks section is decent. The staff is very attentive to clearing your dishes- which is the only reason why I gave this 2 rating instead of 1. I noticed a lot of other people left very quickly. Anyways it's so expensive and not worth it, trust me! At the very least go in and take a look before you pay.
970	1	I LOVE Burger Bar. So much. As a local, I really try to avoid the Strip as much as possible. But this place has become a staple in my family. When we think burgers, we think Burger Bar...so it's well worth the drive down the Strip to get there.  Depending on when you go dictates how long the wait is. We've waited anywhere from 10 minutes to over an hour. They won't seat you unless everyone in your party is present (which I can appreciate, having worked in the restaurant industry), so if you're waiting for people to arrive, I recommend at least getting your name on the list. That way, when everyone DOES arrive, you can just let the hostess know your party is ready and your wait time will be shortened.  It's usually pretty loud in there. If you're looking for a quiet meal, this definitely isn't the place to go. It's got a bit of a sports bar feel to it, with sports games playing on both the big screens and the small TV screens inside the booths. But everybody always seems to be having a good time, and I can still manage to have a conversation with my table without having to shout at anybody.  They have the Chef's burgers menu, and also have build-your-own options for burgers and milkshakes (both alcoholic and not). They have non-beef options, such as chicken, turkey, or salmon. They even have a veggie burger and a specialty vegan burger, along with various salad options for all the non-meat eaters out there. All of the Chef's burgers come with skinny fries, but you can change those out for any of their other side options. (I usually opt for sweet potato fries.) If you do a build-your-own, you can add on those side options for $3-6.  I personally am OBSESSED with the Hubert Keller burger. I mean, I dream about this burger. I wake up craving it. And then I bug everyone I know to give me an excuse to go get one. It's a buffalo burger topped with sauteed baby spinach, caramelized onions, and blue cheese. Each component on that burger compliments every other component. It comes with a Red Wine Shallot reduction on the side, and it just puts the burger over the top. It took a couple visits for me to get my dad to try it (he was scared of buffalo meat for some reason), but I practically shoved a bite down his throat and now he's hooked. Buffalo meat is amazing!  A close second (in my opinion) would have to be the Peppercorn burger. If you're a fan of pepper and mustard, THIS is the burger for you.  Then of course, there are the milkshakes. Holy crap! So yummy! I've had both the Nutella and the Salted Caramel milkshakes. Both are sooo delicious. When ordering shakes "for here" they are decorated beautifully. Very artistic. But you can also order them to-go, and they'll put it in a plastic cup with a nice wide straw so you can take it with you.   I also recommend the Creamy Cheese Cake burger. This is a dessert alternative to the milkshake, filled with sweetened cream cheese and caramelized pineapple. The "bun" is made with fresh donuts! Mmm Mmm! They're a little small though, so...unless you just want a bite, I recommend skipping the "Let's split a dessert" part of the conversation and just keep it all to yourself.  We've never once had a bad experience here. Our servers have always been friendly, they are mindful of any modifications we make, and our burgers are always cooked to perfection. Service CAN be a little slow though. Depending on how busy they are, it may be hard to track down said server for drink refills or extra sauce. And once they take your order, you can expect to be sitting there twiddling your thumbs for 15-20 minutes with nothing on the table but beverages. (There is also a longer wait on the dessert burgers.) But! They DO cook everything to order, so it's completely understandable and well worth that wait.
1209	1	Awesome place. Located in Mandalay Bay Hotel. Good beer list and extensive menu, with obviously their specialty is burgers. I built my own with a fried egg and I followed it up with a chocolate shake. The service was great. My favorite place for burgers and can't wait to go back.
1763	1	Took the lady and nana on a little trip for something new. We got in for happy hour and had us a feast. We had the toro, bulgogi, and pork belly; good meats to good eats was the call. We also tried the sweet corn, kabocha tempura, and cheese wontons. Overall, service and attention was to standard, and I will gladly come again.
974	1	Love the texture of the crust and the constantly different kind of pizza popping out of there oven. W were the first one to get there.  Ordered a slice of pepperoni and a slice of sausage and peppercino. Then went back after that a split a slice of a different kind of sausage and ricotta pizza. Big groups I recommend maybe getting a whole pie and customizing it.
1998	0	I have been looking forward to trying this place for a long time now. And with a girl trip to Vegas for my birthday, what better place to go to have my birthday dessert.   What a huge mistake!! It was by far the worst service I have ever had and what makes it so bad is we only had dessert. First off, we waited about 20 minutes for our waiter to take our drink order, then another 10 for that to be served to us and then another 30 minutes for our desserts to come out. To top it off the dessert wasn't even that amazing. But what made it such a bad experience, I mean enough for me to write a review because I don't ever write reviews but this one I couldn't let go. The wait staff, they were horrible, no customer service skills what so ever. As we're sitting there waiting for our bill, the waiter finally comes to give it to us. Then sitting there waiting for him to take it, we see him clearing off other tables and taking dishes to the back and he doesn't come back out. So I flag a waiter down and ask him if he could get out waiter, which he said he would. Still no sign of him. So I finally walk up front to the hostess and ask him can we please pay our bill, we've been sitting there waiting for 30 minutes. He says he will get our waiter. Still no sign. Then we ask another waiter and finally he takes our bill to the back and gives it to our server. Finally 10 minutes he walks out with our credit card slips. Guess what bud no tip for you!! That was by far the worst experience in a restaurant that I have ever had!!! Never again will I go there or allow any of my family or friends to go there either
1118	1	The king of all pizza joints on the West Coast.  Period.  They make an excellent piping hot thin crust pie.  It will make you forget how much money the Cosmo casino just took you for.  This is the mecca of late night eating in Vegas.  Play a round of pool, people watch on the swanky lounge chairs out front, and then devour your pie along with all of the other dolled up women and rico suaves from the clubs.
678	0	Dang what a bummer this was. My friend recommended this place to me because I was craving noodle soup. Asked the server for their best dishes and he recommended a beef noodle soup & a tom yum noodle soup. Both broths were so bland! I would've been disappointed in the flavor even if it was an instant noodle soup.  it was just salt in the wound that they were each 15$ - not terrible but definitely not a deal. At least the food looked pretty. I also got some Shanghai dumplings dim sum. 7-8 dollars for 1 order which includes 3 dumplings. Those were pretty delicious! The service was fast and the servers were friendly.
1811	0	It was my first time to visit the place with my friends and we were allstarving after walking along the strip. We were told we had to wait for 30 mins which we thought was ok since we were all tired anyway and we can just sit outside. aft about 40 mins, we checked on it with t he hostess and we were told that we were called already and they will just put us again on the top list. We found this so impossible since we were just outside with othere who were on the waiting list. after about 5 mins, the lady showed us our table. I called oneof the hostess and told her that we are all ready to order. To our surprise she said "I am not your server" and left. We were all shocked and sat for 15mins asking ourselves who to call then when the hostess itself was not interested to help us?! We then called another girl and told her "Can we have someone who can get our orders?".  Foodwise- it was A ok, i ordered the pepper vodka pasta. Proportion is average and foor was freshly cooked. My friend ordered the sundae thing and it was good. The waitress was checking on us from time to time which i think was good considering that we were stil not over with the hostess' attitude. I guess, the servers know that people will still go to their place and they dont have permanent customers since its a tourist's place that is why they are not after good customer service.  My suggestion is, just  go for take out. Dine in experience is terrible!
1800	1	If God owned a Thai restaurant, it'd serve food just like this.  Don't be fooled by the location.  It's in a run-down strip mall next to a wig outlet (seriously), but the food is unbelievable.  Their menu is huge, so I can't even begin to give a comprehensive review, but everything I've had ranged from very good to phenomenal.  It has a reputation for being the best Thai restaurant in North America.  I'd suggest not going in with that expectation, as it's setting the bar pretty damn high, but Lotus of Siam is definitely an excellent dinner spot.  They also have a lunch buffet that I thought was a good meal, but a step down from dinner on the quality meter.  One specific recommendation: the spicy chicken wings make a great appetizer.
1478	0	The food was "meh" and they purposively do not tell you the price of the drinks you are ordering and then SURPRISE! you get your bill and realize that they were anywhere from 25-40 bucks a piece.  Granted, we're responsible for ourselves but please, God, if you're going there and are on a budget- be sure to ask the prices of the drinks before you order as they will not tell you on purpose.  There's also no descriptions of the food on the menu either.   I'm from Toronto and made a reservation there for last Saturday for all of us to have dinner together. Our server was alright and the food came relatively quickly- but I felt very neglected by him as not even everyone in my party received hats and I don't think he even spoke to half of us.  Maybe my expectations were too high or they were just overly busy- but this was the one time that my entire group from Toronto was going to be together and I think maybe I just expected much more.  He maybe "insulted" two people and gave half of us hats over the course of an hour and a half and that was the end of it.  Kinda brutal.  Go for the experience, not for the food- but set your expectations low for that, too.  It might be better if the place is less busy and your party is much smaller. They also don't do anything for birthdays either unless you're the lucky chosen one to receive a lap dance from an overweight naked guy.  I wasn't so lucky. Damn.
1603	0	This may be the first time I have ever given a spot a 1 based off of just food alone. Say What?  Service Run Through- They have people making these at oompa loompa rates in the back and so the long line moves fairly quickly. Cashier service is stereotypical lunch lady status.   "The sliders are downright disgusting." - 2 AM drunk person  Yeah I'm quoting myself but when a slider doesn't taste good when it's 2 AM and you're drunk you know something is wrong here. I can usually spit out some sarcastic remark about how bad something is but these are just bad to the point of being indescribable. The fries are flavorless so prepare yourself for some hands on salting.  Let me blame impractical jokers for the 2 step flow of communication that got me to come in here. I understand this is fast food blah blah but even a sloppy big mac would have been the better choice. Don't let the east coast bias suck you in. It's Vegas, there are way more options at 2 AM in a city that never sleeps. If you're just dying to have some white castle sliders just get some of the frozen ones from your grocery store and let them thaw out for a day, they call that doing it Vegas style.
885	1	The Waffles and Sage Fried Chicken.... YUM!   My wife ordered the waffles and Chicken, I had the pancakes. While the pancake (singular) was impressive, there is only so much pancake I can eat in one sitting.   The Waffles and Chicken was very good. The waffles had thick cut bacon cooked into it and literally a mountain of food. The waiter told my wife good luck as he dropped it off and I could only roll my eyes as I knew it was on. Four Waffles and 2 pieces of chicken which next time we are going to split.  This location was absolutely packed with a short waiting list which was worth it. We'll be back!
1056	1	I'll preface this review with the fact that I am NOT a breakfast person. I don't love anything about it. Except when I visit the Egg & I. And let me tell you ... it became a weekly event after a while.  I can't turn down fresh squeezed OJ. This restaurant has delicious OJ. You should try it at least once. I love their menu. They have interesting combinations, like chicken, pesto, and eggs, and delicious twists on common breakfast dishes, like French toast. I love the scrambles the most, and would  often get the veggie scramble sitting atop ranch potatoes. Slather that mound with hot sauce and call it a day. Expect an exhilerating food coma to follow. The portions are big. I also recommend trying their complimentary banana nut muffin at least once. I don't like muffins or bananas, seriously, but I like theirs. Be adventurous, don't order eggs and a side of bacon. Live it up a little...  Super awesome service. Expect to wait on the weekends for breakfast/brunch, but they have a quick turn-around and great waiters/waitresses. A nice perk to the crowded atmosphere is an egg on the table that you can flip when you require service. On a very busy day it's very helpful to the staff, and don't be afraid to use it! I've always had friendly, impeccable service here ... no complaints. I've brought every out-of-town guest here for breakfast, and we've always left happy. Stop in and give it a try!
227	0	I went to lunch around 3pm with no line. Awesome right? Anyways the food was ok. Decent. Better than hometown imo but my gripe is the staff. My server sucks. Never once did she ask if I wanted a refill on my drink and my plates were stacked 4 high...  I had to complain to the floor manager Anthony. He apologized but still the lack of professionalism had caused me to have an awful experience. Don't know if I would go back.  If I do it would ve because of the floor manager
413	1	I am a local and until last weekend (halloween weekend) I had never been to this place. BOY WAS I MISSING OUT!   Price is so cheap and the pizza is amazing! Each of us ordered a slice and I got the white pizza with some pepperoni on top. Greasy and delicious. Hits the spot and is a little bit hidden so just ask someone where it is and enjoy.   Service was great and will definitely be coming back here again. Five BIG STARS!
1758	1	On our recent visit to Las Vegas, we were looking for a substantial lunch that would hold us over through the afternoon, past a show, to a late night dinner.  Our friends had recommended Holsteins, and as fans of Burger Bar and other fancy shmancy burger joints, we were eager to try out the menu.  Located on the second floor of the Cosmopolitan, we arrived around 11:30 and were promptly seated at a nice corner table in the middle of the restaurant.  I started off with a Spicy Bloody Mary, which was made with jalepeno and cilantro infused vodka, served with a big old shrimp on top.  Spicy and delicious!  Our waiter (who was very good) brought us a bag of complimentary popcorn as we perused the menu  This place is really known for their burgers, as they well should be, but don't ignore the appetizers!  We wanted to try so many of them, but we settled on the "Sausage and Peppers" Potsickers and the Mexican Car Bombs (jalapenos stuffed with cheese, corn, and black beans, then wrapped in bacon).  The potstickers were unique and delicious, but the car bombs... O.M.G.  Sooooooo spicy, but so flavorful and delicious.  These things are no joke, they are very hot, so if you are a wimp when it comes to spice, these are not for you.  But we absolutely loved them.  For our main course, we decided to split a burger and another appetizer (I know I know, but we had to last 9 hours until our next meal!)  I had the Surf and Turf Quesadilla, which contained steak, lobster, Manchego Cheese, and bacon lardons, served with an aioli sauce.  Very yummy.  For our burger, we had such a hard time choosing, but we decided on the El Machete, described on the menu as "Beef Patty, Fire Roasted Anaheim Chili, Borracho Onions, Pepperjack Cheese, Lettuce, Tomato, Onion & Spicy 'Machete' Aioli".  The beef was medium rare as requested, and was perfectly juicy and delicious.  The burger overall wasn't as spicy as I was expecting, but maybe my taste buds were burned out from my spicy bloody mary and the jalepeno pepper appetizer.  Either way, it was good good beef.  We finished with a "grown up" milkshake... the Campfire S'mores, which I only had a few sips of because I was so full, but those couple tastes were very good.  They will also make it to go for you if you'd like.  Overall, we were thrilled with our lunch at Holsteins and it may be our new favorite burger place in Las Vegas.  Oh, and it definitely did the job of holding us over until dinner time.  We will definitely be back!
1504	1	After a terrible dinning experience at the food court at Green Valley Ranch, I was pleasantly surprised by our dining experience at the Grand Lux at the Venetian.  I have been there several times and have always enjoyed it, but this was the first time we went with our 3 girls.  We got right in, had amazing service that went above and beyond to help make it a nice dinner despite having 2, 4 and 6 year olds with us.  The Cobb salad was as good a salad as I have ever had at a restaurant; fresh, high quality chicken, bacon and blue cheese.  Wife loved her smaller chop salad.  Girls devoured the edamame, volcano shrimp and sliders.  I spent twice as much on dinner as the night before, but felt like we got a bargain.  Can't say enough good things about our diner.
263	1	We came for dinner after a really long day and everything was awesome...perfect timing also because they have reverse happy hour! Soju  Food was delicious and service was great and attentive and food came out in a timely manner..considering the price the portions were good...Would definitely come back next time we're in Vegas! It was our best meal of the day...wayyyy better than our $60 sausage, egg and toast breakfast!!!!!!!!  lol
1245	1	Sad fact: I've lived in Vegas for over seven years, and it's only recently that I had a chance to eat here. Sad, I know, but with the Riviera closing recently, the lure of "Old Vegas" got me in the mood to try more classics.  Worth the wait.  The place scream '80's neon decor. It's a lively atmosphere with music videos on the TVs. Without a doubt, the vibe of the place was the biggest appeal to me here. I tried one of their benedicts, and the flavor had me charging through my meal (it can be said in my defense that I was very hungry that night). Again, I sampled their Bloody Mary, and that was "Yes" and "Please".  I did not, however, sample their Fireside Lounge this outing, but I did go in to check it out. I love their fire pit. It's really impressive, and now I have to find an excuse to go dress up and experience it proper.  This is a classic restaurant. My only regret is not visiting it sooner now that I've been able to experience its food and appeal. While I have grumbled in the past that Vegas doesn't respect its history, I hope they have the smarts to leave this landmark location alone, and let it continue to do its thing.  I can see this becoming one of my new favorites.
791	1	Found another bomb breakfast place in Vegas!! this place is on the Zagat list so that's why it gets a lot of ppl there every morning!! we ordered the steak benedict n the corned beef. Let me tell u this... the steak benedict was sooo good lots of steak in it so I was really full after! but the corned beef was even better!! My gf ordered that one wanna swtich with her hahah kinda far from the strip but its worth the drive tho!!
140	1	This is our special occasion restaurant even though it's not too fancy. It's kind of in the ghetto, but it is so worth the drive.  Everything I have ever had here is fantastic.  Not sure what it's called on the menu, but the crispy prawns with their heads are super yummy... and the drunken noodles, nam kao tod, tom kah kai soup, coconut ice cream which seems like it is home made, sticky rice dessert, etc. are all unbelievable.  Oh I can't forget and my new fave green papaya salad...so nummy!
1989	0	I came here for a friend and I's birthday from Atlanta.... We were treated horribly. Our entire Las Vegas experience has been phenomenal until this. I am a lifestyle blogger and this will def be on my list of things NOT to do. The club is beautiful I wish the security would have been as great. One of the guards actually put his hands on one of my friends..... I was yelled at like I was a man  for not understanding which way to go..... Security guard got directly in my face to the point he spit on me.   I have never had this bad of an experience in ANY club in any city. I suppose they could care less about people having a great experience since they bring in so many patrons. The guest celebrity host Lebron James, I'm sure would have been floored if he knew how badly people were treated.   We should have listened to locals  when they told us not to come here. Better luck tonight!  Naeemah Jade
1617	1	After a long flight, this was a delightful treat! Late night dinner on the recommendation of a friend and four of us took down a whole cheese pie. The sauce was perfect- light and not rich, but awesome flavor. Hot and absolutely fresh from the oven, and perfect for the first night here!
1996	1	Seriously wow. Was their 2 days ago and wow. Went in about 1230 pm and there was a wait. The lady whipped out her ipad and took our cell number and said wed receive a text when our table was ready.  Maybe just me being a goof but I thought it was super cool! Took about 25 minutes but was expected with the crowd so wandered the casino floor. When we were seated my mouth was watering looking at everyone's food. We sat down and the staff was super friendly. We ordered the onion rings to start and holy heck these were the BEST I've ever had. The crisp on the outside crumbled in my mouth as the onion only gave the slightest of resistance as i bit through it. Soooo good! The house ranch that came with was outstanding as well.  The burger, which was the farmhouse, was simply epic. Let me say this, cheeseburgers are my bliss. Every city I go to I look for an awesome burger place and have had more burgers then probably any other food and this was flat out the best. The meat was cooked to a perfect medium and the egg was fried perfectly! The duck belly bacon was awesome. The fries were good. Not mind blowing but when you have that burger it simply compliments it. Every time I hit vegas I will have to return here. Even my fiance' who is not a hardcore burger person absolutely loved and devoured her classic american hamburger. The place has a good modern hip feel to it. Highly recommend to ANYONE they have a pretty wide array of burger options nothing to crazy just good old burgers and add on's. Do yourself a favor and grab a burger.  The only draw back was due to the wait but was understandable with the crowd. So good!
1916	0	Whatever you do DON'T stay in the courtyard rooms no matter how cheap they are. The walls are so thin you can hear everybody's conversations and you will definitely get woken up by constant loud noise. The room is also outdated. There's also no elevators for the courtyard rooms. Pay the upgrade to stay in the tower. It's so much nicer. The Oyster Bar is the best thing here, but be prepared to stand in line and wait. There's always a lot of people waiting unless you go in the middle of the night. There's only bar seating.
627	0	$6.50 for mediocre tacos? 20 kinds of veggie fried rice $25, add chicken $5= $30(Tiny portion), 8 pieces miniscule shrimp at $29, shrimp & pork dumplings (8pcs) at $25, beers at $8?  Taste and flavor were so-so at best. Definitely not worth the price tag.
724	1	THE FLAPJACKS ARE SO FLUFFY, I COULD DIE!  Prices are so reasonable, and with a restaurant.com coupon it was just dirt cheap. Portions are humongous, plan on making it two meals.  Everything we had on our table was ridiculously amazing. I can't believe I'd never been here before.  Blueberry flapjacks, meatloaf sandwich Komodo, and mushroom/spinach hash - all tasty, all mouthwateringly good.  My parents eyes got big and excited when they walked in here and saw the portion sizes... and my parents rarely get excited for western food.
1666	0	Wooooow! Where do I begin?  My cousins and I were looking for a great spot to grab a drink before heading to the airport to go home. We head to the bar and the most unfriendliest steroid filled bartender comes over to us and doesn't even greet us. He just stands there until I actually speak first and request a Michelada. He doesn't even acknowledge my 2 cousins and he walks away to another bar to bring me a beer in one cup and a salt rimmed cup with bloody Mary mix in a separate cup.... "the salt gets crazy that's why I didn't put the beer in it".... what the whaaaaaaat? I ask for a michelada and you bring me a build a bear workshop? Get outta here. I can go on but I'm so annoyed at his service. We left right away. Never going back. Only giving it 1 star because I have to. If you're having a bad day, call in sick.  Don't bring your attitude to the bar. Jerk.
1318	1	How can I not give 5 stars to the restaurant that warranted two trips in as many days?  Based on the mention of the mountain of fries (a million thanks, Monica), I insisted on getting a reservation for our first night in town; we snagged seats at the bar for dinner our second night.      The beef tongue salad was so good that a man at the next table asked what it was because the expression on my face made it evident that whatever I just put in my mouth was something very, very special.       Come to think of it, the food sparked conversations with three different couples at neighboring tables--makes me think of that Cat Stevens song:    Oh I can't keep it in, I can't keep it in, I've gotta let it out.  I've got to show the world, world's got to see, see all the love,love that's in me    Eat at Bouchon and try to contain yourself.
1210	1	OMG our waiter was sooo nice! andd the foood was off the hook!!!! COME here after a night of partyin from the strip! SOOO good to have a nice home cooked meal lol. thats what it feels like. and the portions are HUGEEEE like ginormous! so sharing is caring and it can beeeeeeeee fun.
1856	0	Fairly nice atmosphere in miracle mile shops at planet Hollywood. Meat was very dry with "generous" amounts of gristle and fat. Meat either needed salt/seasoning or was incredibly salty and tough. Salad bar was mediocre at best. Mostly bland pastas. Every person who drinks Water is charged $1. Never heard of this policy before. They do not serve tap but rather fancy filtered water - this was to justify the $1. Buffet does NOT include any dessert but did include sliced watermelon.  They offered a $20 beverage pkg for one hour but took 20 min to get first drink.  Food is WAY WAY OVERPRICED unless you have a voucher to redeem in which case you can upgrade to meat selections for about $10 per person and then still NOT a good value !   Nice wait staff.
193	1	i have been coming here for the last 8 years or so.  i first heard of LOS in a gourmet magazine article and had to try what the craze among all the food critics was all about.  from the first time i ate there till the um-teenth time, it never disappoints.  i always stop by for lunch when i'm in las vegas.  i've enjoyed almost everything i've tried here...don't forget to try some of the northern thai items...the northern style larb and pork stew is especially good.  then finish the meal off with coconut ice cream and the coconut sticky rice with fresh mangos.  N.B. if you go for lunch, do not get the buffet.  you've been warned ;-)
1672	1	Delicious!! We watch Gordon Ramsay's shows and were excited to try his food. The shake my husband had was incredible, an Oreo shake topped with creme brle pudding! We went around 12 on a weekday and had a very short wait. Great service, food came quickly. I recommend the shake #4, roasted jalapeo poppers, southern yardbird burger, and Hell's Kitchen burger. I didn't love the fries but everything else exceeded my expectations!
981	1	As a few Yelpers have noted in previous posts, the actual name of the pizzeria is Nico's, but I will always remember it as "Secret Pizza".When you walk by, it's easy to miss. But take the time and enjoy the many record album covers that adorn the walls. I busted a gut, for sure. That hallway will lead you to a pinball machine and voil!, you've found your pot of gold.   Staying at the Cosmo, my husband and I decided to take full use of our amazing room and bask in the glory of pizza on our balcony overlooking the Bellagio water show. In about twenty minutes, our pizza was ready and we were on that elevator so fast. The pizza was very good and a nice break from formal dining on the Strip. Highly recommended for those general hankerings for pizza in Vegas.
1733	0	I've had way better buffets in Vegas, and this was definitely not one I'd go back to. Let's start with the positives: the buffet was clean, circling around the tables in the eating area, and separated into a large variety of different cuisines. The prime rib and pastas were mediocre, and the gelato was yummy. That was about as far as the positives went. The bread (or is it?) was hard and crumbled into flakes when I took a bite. The sushi (or their attempt at one) was hard, so it was futile to even use a fork to pick it up. Our server was inattentive and seemed annoyed when we had to ask for drink refills. Now I know the lines outside better buffets are there for a reason; there was no line at Cravings and the tables were mostly empty on the Friday evening we went.
1711	1	WARNING!!! DO NOT GO TO THIS PLACE UNLESS YOU HAVE A HUUUUUGE APPETITE!!!  My wife and I just spent the weekend in LV and ended up going to the HHGG twice for breakfast.  The food is awesome and the servings are insanely huge.  Servers, as busy as they are, are polite and friendly.  This is a must visit place that will not let you down.   NICE JOB HHGG!
968	0	They really need to re-evaluate on having a buffet.   With so much history, at the MGM Grand and this is what they have to offer. It's rather disappointing and I would say the worst buffet in Vegas I've had in the 10 years I've been coming to Vegas. Either they don't listen to the reviews or they just don't care. To me it's ruining MGM's image and unacceptable.  The food quality is below par with the exception of the desserts which is slightly better. Everthing was either overcooked, or dry. The atmosphere reminds me one of those $11.99 Chinese buffet. Never again.
884	1	After my wedding on Saturday, we had an impromptu early dinner/mini-reception on the recommendation of my Dad who came here in the late 70's.   I'm a big fan of classic places that have lots of nostalgia. This one fit the bill perfectly. The wife and I split a couple 64oz Scorpions while I had Munch's Breakfast and she had a BLT.  All 14 people there loved the food and nobody was able to eat their entire plate.   We retired to the Lounge for a Mai Tai or two and had a great time. Best of all, my Dad said it was just how he remembered it from over 30 years ago. I'd return in a heartbeat.
783	1	What a fantastic place this is!!! I'm not just saying this as a HUGE fan of Gordon Ramsay, but I'm saying this as a burger monster!! My husband and I woke up after a late night in vegas, just to go stand in line to get a taste of Burgr and it was worth all of it!!! We started off with the roasted jalapeno poppers, which were served in individual little shot glasses with the sauce at the bottom. They were delicious. Definitely one of the best I've tasted. My husband ordered a cocktail, while I decided to go with the Shakes - Shake #1 which was a chocolate shake with caramel pudding (yes pudding!)... We ordered the uber cheese burger and the southern yardbird burger with a side of truffle parmesan fries. The burgers were cooked to perfection. The staff was friendly, efficient and helpful. All in all a five star experience and I will definitely go back there!
403	0	One of the biggest disappointments in Las Vegas. The concept mixes Street Asian food and Street Mexican Food. The concept with "To Go" windows on two different sides for both cuisines is clever and I was thrilled to try this place as I love street tacos and I'm a huge fan of Jos Andrs. If he came to this restaurant to eat he would be ashamed to have his namesake on this venue between the less than average food and pathetic service. We ordered a few of the tacos at the window and it took THIRTY MINUTES for four tacos! The restaurant wasn't even busy. If it took street vendors that long ANYWHERE they would be desolate because no one would wait that long for street food! Totally ruins the whole point of ordering street food from a window- if we wanted to wait that long for food we would have sat our butts down in a booth somewhere. After the build up and anticipation from the long wait we were starving. I figured it's Jos Andrs so it will be worth it once we get the food- perhaps even up there with Kogi. Unfortunately, the food was terrible. The tacos were messy to eat, and somehow with all of the sauce and food packed into the taco, it still managed to be terribly bland and there was absolutely no flavor. Hard pass on this place!
243	0	I heard a lot of hype about Pink's so I was expecting some awesome hot dogs.  I was hugely disappointed.  My sister and I shared the mushroom swiss dog, the bacon chili cheese dog and a side of onion rings.  I was surprised that our order came out looking like regular hot dogs and buns (that you'd buy from any grocery store) slathered in everyday condiments.  I totally agree with the other reviews that there was really nothing special about the food here.  The mushroom swiss dog was disgustingly coated in mayo.  I like mayo but not to the point where that's all you taste with every bite.  The bacon chili cheese tasted no better than something I could have ordered at Wienerschnitzel...super salty and the chili tasted nasty like it was "fresh" out of the can.  Of all the things we ordered, the best thing was probably the onion rings but there wasn't anything extraordinary about those either.  Honestly, this place is no different than any other fast food joint except that it's highly overrated.  We actually came here after several rounds of mojitos and even then it still didn't taste any good.
1820	0	Standard buffet. I'm glad we had coupons for $5 off from our IP fun book because there's no way I'd want to pay full price here. We were fairly hungry when we went here so I assumed we'd go to town on everything, but it wasn't anything worth going back for seconds. There was a nice variety of foods, from Mexican and Asian to Amerian and a salad bar (with the bucket of shrimp on ice...literally, there was ice in with the shrimp that I didn't know about until I looked at my plate and had to "fish" [haha] for my shrimp around the ice cubes.) The food wasn't horrible, but I expected more from a name like 'Harrah's.'
1635	0	This place is poorly run.  The people at register have two lines, one for platinum and one for regular customers. Both were empty so we thought it'd be fine to just ealk in through the platinum entrance because we didn't want to walk around the corner and have to follow some velvet rails, but apparently it isn't ok and we were told to go out and line up again anyways, a waste of everyone's time. Then they have a line for a waitress. What kind of buffet has seating waitresses? I've never had to be shown to a designated seat at any type of AYCA and this place isn't even busy. There's seating EVERYWHERE. Lastly for ll that, utensils are managed by the waiters. I couldn't get a new fork for this second dish that had vastly different food. I dont want my meat forks in my salads because it's greasy.  Foodwise, it's definitely not as good as it looks. Rhe selection is also really small for the price we payed, but it's Vegas so I expected as much. At least it looks nice here.
788	0	I recently visited Golden corral 2641 in Las Vegas Nevada for breakfast with Dad.The place was nice and clean however the  customer service was horrible. I was ignored several minutes while standing at the  omelette station by the employee  Eva that was in charge of it . The Manager (Tomas) was also behind the counter  so I asked him, did they make fresh eggs? He replied yes, so I stood there waiting patiently for Eva to ask me what I would like . The entire time of me standing there, she never looked up and gave me any eye contact even after me trying to say good morning and addressing her by name. The next thing I know another employee whom I assume was on their lunch break walked up to the counter. She immediately acknowledged him, start speaking in Spanish and started making  his omelette. Still giving her the benefit of the doubt. I thought maybe she didn't see me so I stood directly beside him. She completed his omelette gave it to him and turned around and walked away.  At this point I realize I was being blatantly ignored, so I turned to look for the manager that I initially saw behind the counter. Before I could say one word  planning just to ask him if Eva spoke English he goes into a rant saying "we're working here ,working here" This is a new promotion...I guess referring to the omelette station that I didn't had no idea was new or old . I was in such shock the next thing he said to me was so what kind of eggs do you want? At that point my appetite was ruined I felt disrespected. I looked for my dad who was just about to sit down to eat his food and told him to leave it. Then asked the manager immediately for refund. After realizing his mistake he tried to apologize but was too late. I then name and he just gave me a card with no response I asked his name again and then he blurted out "Tomas" this is no was to handle A Dissatisfied customer. The problem would've easily been resolved had he said the station was not open, when I asked him did they make fresh eggs. Eva or Tomas could've simply said the station wasn't ready.
445	0	When the bread basket arrived filled with hot, flakey, tender, and tasty biscuits, we had high hopes for the rest of our meal. Sadly, they ended up the best part.   If you do go, expect a wonderful view of the city lights and a loud, lively environment, but don't come for the food.   Biscuits: awesome - they deserve applause. Snake: too tough to chew. (Yes, we tried it.) Salad: swimming in the dressing and tomato was spongey. Potato Skins: cold and strange flavor. Ribs: they were not falling-off-the-bone. The steak knife could barely separate one rib from the other. They were lukewarm with ho-hum flavor. Corn: mushy Green Beans: fine Surprise Cotton Candy: cute and sweet  We were looking forward to a great experience, but left feeling like the smell of the steer manure at the entrance should have been a premonition: The food stinks, too!
249	1	Hash House a YES YES!!!  I saw the Hash House a Go-Go featured on one of the Vegas morning shows during a recent business trip and decided we would check it out on our next trip to Vegas... boy we certainly weren't disappointed. This is probably one of my top three places to go for breakfast now.  They describe the menu as 'twisted farm food', which is a good way of describing it. Everything is made fresh and it is all good. You can get a traditional bacon & eggs if you like, but if you want to be more adventurous, you can try something like the Salmon & Brie Scramble with a side of grilled mashed potatoes (yes... MASHED POTATOES FOR BREAKFAST!!! How can you not love that?!)   The various hashes are a specialty. I particularly was taken with the french toast with pecans and grilled banana. YUM! Also, the don't pass up one of their biscuits with homemade jam (they come with most meals).   All the portions were HUGEMONGUS so make sure you're hungry and don't plan on eating for the rest of the day! We barely made a dent in our breakfasts when we went there. This would be a good place to go as a group and get a bunch of different things and eat it all family style.   The service was friendly and attentive which made the experience all the more enjoyable.   This place is quite a bit off the strip on W. SAHARA, so a cab ride would probably cost a bit. Its best if you have your own transportation. I do believe the Deuce Bus goes out there also.   If you're looking for a great place where the locals go, check this place out.We enjoyed it so much we decided to go back one more time before we left town and I'm sure we'll be back again.  If you leave here hungry, you just ain't tryin'.
97	0	While the entire buffet scene in Vegas have gone downhill over last few years, this one is especially BAD.    I came here to try their Sunday "Gourmet" Brunch.  Its 32.95+ tax but the it was a huge disappointment!  In Short, don't waste your money to come here.  The line was non existent when I came.  I felt it was not a good sign.  The foods were quite mediocre.  They have alot cutbacks for their brunch.  King Crabs are gone, snow crabs instead (Like Wynn).  FYI, King Crab only available on weekend dinner so I have been told. The quality of the crab is....crap.  Soggy and soft.  Lack of flavors.  Rest of the foods were non remarkable.  The presentations weren't good so did the taste of food.   Dry steaks, dry salads. Horrible Asian stations and their Italian station didn't look too good either.  Their desserts are one of their best tasting station to save this review from having 1* only.  I like their cheese cakes and apple pie but rest of them are just ...blah.  Save of your money and go somewhere else.  If you are on comp.  Try to venture other a la carte dining options in this hotel or other MGM properties.
1774	1	I am in love.  Nutella!  Amazing coffee!  Wish that they would expand their menu of sweet crepes!  Go to the restaurant (up the elevators).  It is cheaper than the "to go" stand in the casino.  I ordered my food to go a couple of times from the restaurant without a problem.  Yum!
564	0	Gross! I ordered grapefruit bowl and side of yogurt. My strawberries were rotten and disgusting looking. My uncle's steak potato plate had a dark curly long hair in it. Probably a woman's hair, and our server was male so the kitchen must be dirtay! Server seemed annoyed, not good hospitality. Customer is always right. We didn't complain there b/c family isnt like that
1599	1	Best Thai food in Vegas! People take trips here via taxis from the Strip.   Food is dee-lish with a wide range of wine. I eat a lot of Thai food from LA to NY and this place sticks out!  Featured in Top Chef Master (Las Vegas). When I saw this episode, I was hollaaaaa-ing "I was there!!". This place is excellent and always packed. Way worth the trip; try everything! Come hungry.  Food: Sea bass with Pad Kee Mao (5/5) Drinks: 2 full cups of the best Thai tea everrrr!! (6/5)
1375	0	I'm surprised that majority of the ratings are 4 stars. My guesses are depending on your palate of what you like to eat rather than quality etc. Next is depending on the day you go they may serve better things, lets say the weekend. I came here on a weekday for dinner and i didn't each much because nothing seems good to me. I go to Vegas quite often and pretty much tried 90% of all the buffets in Vegas. Not embarrassed to say, people don't call me a buffet queen for nothing you know. So I am comparing them to each other. Here is a few things in a nutshell:  The Chimichurri sauce was extremely spicy without warning. Although I guess its my fault for not catching all the chilli flakes that were in there but it would have been a nice courtesy to put that on a menu card. (minus-1/2 star) The biscuits were hard and cold as if it may injure someone if I threw it across the room. I even questioned if it was suppose to be for display only and I grabbed it by accident since they were cold. (minus-1/2 star) The presentations of the food were ok not great. For a place that big, I would have thought there were a lot of varieties but there wasn't. The seafood are not as fresh as many other buffets I have had in Vegas. The desserts were good but again not great. They had macarons which I love but they were thrown all over the place on a dish. Some fell off to the table and some were pretty broken up pieces that shouldn't be placed there anymore. (minus 1-star)  In a way, I kind of like how we can grab our own drinks at the beverage bar yet I also see it as part of a service. So you can be the judge of what floats your boat. The service was great though as the server looked at my receipt while I was getting my food first and when I returned he greeted us my our last names. Very professional. They were friendly and grabs my old plates away pretty quickly. There were ice cream but the person that scoops it was not there. I stood there for almost 5 minutes before she came out from the kitchen. First time this ever happened in Vegas. Don't they have coverage should she need to walk away for a minute?  Cost: for about $30/dinner, I have had much better and more variety of selections.  I understand maybe its because the beer and wine are unlimited but think the customer should have a choice to opt out and not pay for that portion if they don't want to drink any alcohol there. (minus-1 star)  So overall, this place is descent but seriously for the price you pay, I wouldn't eat there again as I had much better elsewhere for a fraction of the cost. See my other reviews for more reviews on other buffets.
362	0	Wow, how the LA counterpart allows this place to keep using the Pink's name is beyond me.  The first time I went when it opened I was like meh.  The second time I went last month I was like wth!!!  I don't see this place lasting with it never having people there it seems.  The chili is pretty spot on to being the same as well as the dogs but man everything else is just horrible.  I mean I got a crusted tortilla wrapper that was litterarly cracking and breaking as if it was a cracker.  It's almost like they left the tortilla sitting on the counter all night and decided to use it anyways.  I mean if you are going to bring a prized LA landmark like this to LA then do it right.  I mean In-N-Out and Tommy's do it right.  It's just a downright shame for Pink's. walking prime pudding stuff somewhere kitchen year business
1312	1	Love this place!! Every time I come to Vegas I make sure to make a stop here and enjoy the banana nut muffin that tastes like heaven! The staff is always friendly and they place a newspaper style menu for you to look at. If you say it's your first time, most waitresses will bring you complimentary banana muffins for your table. But don't worry if they don't because most breakfast plates either come with toast or muffin..... Please go for the banana nut muffin!!! It's that good! For food I recommend the works skillet or any of their omelettes. They also have Hawaiian style food, which I haven't had the chance to try. The wait can go fast although it might take longer for larger groups. Parking can be a hassle during weekends. This restaurant will beat any overprice buffets on the strip, it's well worth it to go out of the strip for the food. And if you enjoy the muffin as much as I did, they sell banana nut loafs!
911	1	I come here every time I visit Vegas.  The food here is incredible. Every time we spend a while here, enjoying a number of courses.    For brunch I had the Chicken & Waffles.  Every part of this is delicious in it's own right, and then also amazing combined.    For dinner I had a series of appetizers and the Gigot d'Agneau (Lamb).  I can't remember this one so well, but I recall that I was very pleased.
15	1	Since it's opening, it has become a must-do whenever we are in Vegas. Have tried 3 different burgers, all were amazing. Love the curry and chipotle katsups that come with the thick cut fries. Tried a shake for the first time on our last visit. It tasted delicious, but the pudding on top was an unexpected surprise. Expect a long wait at regular meal times. I always grab a pen at the end-- one more touch I love (twice our waitress brought more pens for us)
125	1	Awesome burger! The prices are well worth it! Fresh and delicious. I ordered the blue cheese burger and it was to die for. The truffle fries are also delicious and will feed up to 4 people. We also ordered the pork belly steamed buns and OMG! Must try this place and will definitely go again!
787	0	This place used to be pretty decent but we had the worst experience here this week. We got stuck in the West wing and our room was awful. I've stayed in better low end hotels like Motel 6 before. We were on the 5th floor and there has literally been a plate of room service waste sitting outside the elevators for the last 4 days! We will never stay here again!
235	0	Like much in Vegas, pretty on the outside, but no substance.  Ate here twice on a recent business trip. The space, redecorated from its previous goofy pseudo-diner style, is quite nice, masculine and casual yet well-appointed, with a classy bar and the now-ubiquitious but still pretty old style light bulbs. Sat at the bar and had friendly and attentive service.   The breakfast was standard - eggs/toast/sausage/potatoes were like "diner plus" with a flavorful pepper mixed in with the potatoes and thick texas style toast. Fine. The major disappointment was dinner. I went in craving something just barely healthy (after a few days in Vegas I was desperate for a vegetable) and the main recommended entree at Citizens is a chicken/brocolli/potato plate that looked great. Unfortunately the execution was inexcusably poor, especially for a "signature" dish. The chicken was flavorless and dry, even with the skin left on. Broccoli rabe was undercooked and also flavorless, and the potato quarters were the least cooked of all, with a full half of them too hard to even cut with a fork, and inedible. Everything sat in a plate full of broth, perhaps that's in an attempt to disguize the dryness and blandless of the food, but even the broth doesn't help. Chow in San Francisco does this chicken/brussel sprouts/mashed potato dish that's just bursting with flavor and juiciness, and it's like 12 bucks. This $25 plate was just sad and pointless. Again, like so much in Vegas in general, it's an opportunity to spend twice as much on something half as good.
1775	0	I adore Lee's Sandwiches for their convenience but it's not consistent between different locations.   This location is great because it's relatively close to the strip and it is open 24 hours.  However, the sandwiches, drinks and pastries are much better at the Lee's in California. Overall, Lee's Sandwiches is just overpriced Banh Mi's.   reminder: there's a 25 cents additional charge per item after hours
1893	0	This place gets 2.5 stars.  I went to the original one in NYC and I remember it being more whimsical and better back then. My group of friends wanted to go really badly, and at the end of the day, I ended up going with 3 guys-- all of whom were super stoked to go. Unfortunately it was a disappointing experience for everyone.   ATMOSPHERE Same decor as the one in NYC but not as cramped. The music made it less cute (they were blasting hip hop) and service sucked.  There weren't any tables available so we sat at the bar. Bad idea... (explanation below)  FOOD We came here for the FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE, which was way more magical in our heads. Most people got their own, but my boyfriend and I decided to share because I knew how big the portions were. It's honestly enough for 2 people to share and the bartender even asked my 2 guy friends if they were going to share one, haha.  The frozen hot chocolate was good, but it wasn't anything special. What totally broke our spirits was seeing them make it. Since we sat at the bar, we discovered that the coveted HC was POWDER MIXED WITH ICE... it pretty much shattered our hopes and dreams, making the experience way less enjoyable.  Overall, this place is TOO overrated and overpriced. There are better places to blow your money in Vegas!
1536	1	Five stars for serving breakfast 24/7.   Surprisingly hard to find a breakfast joint after 11 in Vegas of all places and Grand Lux was just what the doctor ordered. Our server, despite this being a pretty casual restaurant, was so good at his job, was fun, upbeat, and all the bells and whistles.   Aside from my husband's home cooked steak and jalapeo breakfast burritos, I think I had my second best breakfast ever. And my god, do they give you so much food! They gave me six sausage links in my standard breakfast, for example.  If you're waking up at 2 pm and looking for breakfast, head straight to Grand Lux. It was a wonderful surprise.
1353	0	Boy, do I miss Trader Vic's.  We went back to the location because the outdoor seating is pretty great, thinking how bad could Cabo Wabo be?  I can almost give it 2 stars because the cadillac nachos we ordered were tasty, and almost worth the price (rare in vegas nowadays).  However, the margaritas were absolute crap.  I had the house, and my husband their "house specialty" of the evening - which claimed to be made with a reposado tequila, blue curacao, and grand marnier.  Mine was a teeny bit more drinkable than his, but was basically cheap sour mix in a 14oz. plastic cup filled to the 12oz. mark that didn't appear to have a lick of tequila in it.  C'mon people, I ordered this to actually enjoy the limey tequila flavor, not a gut-rot lime sour drink.  And yes, I did say this was slightly more drinkable than my husbands, cuz he had to finish mine.  And to top it off, those crappy 12oz margs cost us $15 each.  Un-freakin-believable.
1308	0	My wife's birthday dinner start off well. The items we ordered was amazing. The service was great until we got another server, he was very rude. At the end of our meal, kept us if we wanted to order more food. We said, no we're stuffed. He cleared our table and gave us our check without asking us if we wanted dessert. As we were getting ready to leave, he picked up the bill counted the money and didn't say anything to us. We won't be coming back to this place.
844	0	I expect better from a Hilton. Nothing terrible, but a lot of little irritations. - if you don't want to valet, you are directed to a different entrance so that you get to schlep your luggage a few hundred yards to check-in. That is just tacky. (but it's Vegas baby!) - after we checked in, late, tired, a guy behind the desk caught us and started trying to pressure sell some sort of prepay three nights get a free night deal. Again, tacky (but it's Vegas baby!) - I'm 6'1" tall, the shower head sat at around 5'3". I really hate turning into a pretzel to wash my hair. - First night, we checked into a room, and the A/C was broken. To their credit they quickly moved us to a new room, but there the TV was broken. The property is a bit tired and needs some work. - To their credit, we forgot an item, we called while on the road, they went up to the room, found it, put it in their property room, and we claimed it when we returned. I ding them because I know they can do better. I have had excellent experiences in other Hiltons.
1910	1	Been here several times for breakfast/brunch, most recently 2x for Thanksgiving. Love their coffee and croque madame. Absolutely delicious. Good breakfast in LV will set you back a pretty penny anyways so if you spend, spend it on Bouchon. Service is very pleasant, other than the hostesses who always seem to behave like they hold keys to heaven. Not specific to this place, most upscale restaurants have this issue. Bar staff is super friendly and likes to have a good conversation. Also met some great people during brunch, so it's never a disappointment. Also, last time they didn't turn away customers who showed up at closing time after brunch which speaks volumes for their level of service. Oh yea, and with a paid receipt from the bistro you get 25% off Bouchon bakery purchase which is facing the strip. Nice treat.
1568	0	Came here to claim our free passes at this buffet (myvegas). There was no trouble getting in and was seated right when we got in. There's actually a waiter that gets the drinks for you (never had that before). We were instructed to order our drinks before we went to grab the food.  The food selection was not the worst and was not the best (since it was lunch time). I'd say the best selection out there was the prime rib. The drinks, however, was NASTY. I ordered the rasberry tea and it tasted like TAP WATER. I ordered another drink, a sprite and hoping that since it's soda, will not taste bad. I WAS WRONG. Again, it had an off taste.   I think the waiter got annoyed that we never finished our drinks (and kept ordering) and clearing our plates that still had a lot of food.
32	1	This place is awesome! Fun atmosphere, delicious food, and reasonable price! FYI if you are a Diamond or Seven Stars member of the Ceasars Rewards program they have reserved tables for you and you don't have to wait in line. I tried this the second to last day of my stay and like it so much went back for lunch the next day. The Hummus is amazing, and it comes with pita and assorted veggies to dip.  The veggies are unique, I couldn't really tell exactly what they were but I think I had a baby yellow carrot. It bursted with flavor. We also tried the chicken sliders, they were just the right size. The chicken was perfectly cooked an moist. I usually don't like chicken in restaurants because they over cook it and make it dry. The day prior we had a burger that had some type of chutney on it and we added avocado. Wow!!!! No wonder this place is called BurgR they got it down!!! If you come here make sure you try a burger even if you have to split with someone because you are missing out otherwise. Now both I got the wings as well. They have a unique sauce on them that also goes well with the fries. We ordered extra. Don't worry they aren't too spicy at all in fact the flavor is so unique you will just keep eating them trying to figure out exactly what makes them so delicious. The service here is top notch. The men all wear jeans, and nice clean cut form fitting shirts. And the women had either skirts or pants. It was cute because all wore uniforms but not your typical uniforms. And they sported them like they enjoyed wearing them as well. All the waiters and waitress's appeared to be in athletic shape and well groomed. The service was impeccable and they constantly insured we were well taken care of. I will probably get something here upon every stay now. Delicous! Awesome Job to the Gordon Ramsay Burger Team! You are all doing amazing!!!!
261	1	Heaven!  We had an absolutely delicious meal here for my birthday!  Here is a quick rundown of each item and our overall opinions:  1) Cheese plate- fabulous and large portions of several cheeses including cow and goat.  Served with delicious grain crackers and raw honey. 2) Foie Gras- buttery and delicious, paired with toasted baguettes. 3) Steak and Frites- Delicious cut of meat, cooked to an exact medium rare and paired with a huge side of tasty fries! 4) Roasted Chicken- Perfectly crisped skin and tender meat with a savory sauce.  5) Lemon Tart- Was rich, creamy, and very well balanced.    All of the portions are huge at Bouchon and the service is outstanding.
690	1	I don't know how I've lived in Vegas for so long and haven't gone to Bouchon because I've been really missing out on great food and exceptional service. It was a bit hard to find and didn't realize that you could get to the elevators from the garage area instead of walking all around in circles.   My boyfriend and I got there on a Sunday a little after noon and it was very busy but we didn't mind the wait because we were able to explore the pool area and enjoy the beautiful cool weather. After reading some of the specials of the day I had already decided on getting the a Rock Shrimp Hash before we were even seated.   We received a text message that our table was ready and we were promptly seated. Very shortly our waiter Matt came over to get our drink orders. I wasn't sure which champagne cocktail I wanted and he suggested Strawberry Fields. I was extremely happy with this suggestion because I didn't want the typical Mimosa or Bellini and it was not overly sweet but the perfect amount of strawberry flavor.  We then placed out food orders, but unfortunately they had run out of the rock Shrimp Hash that Matt said was deeeelicious (our fault for getting there so late).  I decided to order the Moules au Safran et  la Moutarde, which are mussels steamed in white wine, mustard, saffron and served with fries (or as they call it pommes frites). The boyfriend got the Chicken and Waffles which was another dish recommended by our server. Both dishes were amazing! I could not stop reaching over and stealing bites out of his Chicken and Waffles! Definitely a fan of Bouchon, not only because of the delicious food, but also the phenomenal service!
1705	1	this was a mind-numbingly good meal.  It's rare to see a restaurant be innovative with breakfast--rare to see them break out of the eggs-1000-different-ways mentality. But Hash House does so, and succeeds.  They have a wide variety of unique breakfast fare, as well as traditional fare stepped-up a notch in quality.  The portions are absurdly large, which is probably why the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict was featured on Man Vs. Food. The pancakes are superb, as was the Sage Benny which is bacon, fried chicken and eggs atop a biscuit atop mashed potatoes, all smothered in a chipotle cream sauce.  Additionally, the cast of Pawn Stars was seated next to us. But expect a wait for a table, this place is hopping.
1764	1	Pretty solid burgers, salads, shakes, fries and cocktails. Had food here a few times while staying at Cosmo. Best cocktails, I tried a few places and nothing was as good.  Lobster Mac and cheese had a lot of lobster meat but was a little too heavy for me. I'll eat here again when I'm back
174	1	One of the things I love in life the most is BRUNCH! The brunch at Bouchon has to be one of the best in town- definitely the best on the strip.   They have a large assortment of fresh fruit, pastries, drinks and entrees. I really enjoyed their pastry platter (a chefs selection), and their omelette special, which was ham and English cheddar. The waiter brought over the pastries first, and explained what each one was. They gave us a sweet and savory selection, which was really nice. Both were spectacular. Another item on the menu I highly recommend are the donuts. They are covered in cinnamon sugar and served with berry compote, vanilla, and chocolate sauces. A little decadent for breakfast but for brunch, I'd order 6!  Overall, this place has a magnificent ambience, great service, and wonderful food. Their something on the menu for the savory brunch lover, the "I'm actually gonna order lunch for brunch" guy, and the sweet tooth! Gotta try it at least once.
1576	1	our first time here, we was craving some good korean grinds and this restaurant has excellent Korean food, service was great, my husband and i loved it!!! if you are looking for tasty korean food as good as you get in Hawaii then this is the place for you!! they also offer FREE dessert with your review, now thats a bonus!
467	0	After a 5-6 month long sabbatical I have returned to Yelp, and this time I'm back with burning rage for Hooters Casino & Hotel. Boy oh Boy where do I even begin...   As this was the first time to Vegas for my friend and I, I did a tremendous amount of research on the lodging options. After heavy consideration we settled on Hooters, because of the ultra cheap price... I will admit that the reviews I read on the place had me worried, but honestly how much time do you spend in the hotel?   Having that been said let's get down to business...  Before I slam these people let me discuss the positives.   For starters the 1.50$ Bud/Bud light 24/7 was a great deal (honestly that is what sealed the deal on whether or not we stayed there).  The rates really are dirt cheap, you'll be hard pressed to find anywhere that close to that strip any cheaper.    25 cent wings from 12am-6am. Who can say no to that?   Sign up for the Hooters reward card, and you get 200$ in free slot play (promotional only slot area, at 10$ per spin), free steak dinner at Mad Onion (with purchase of 1.50$ beverage per person, and with 1.50$ charge for any add-ons IE. salad, toppings for your potato, onions and mushrooms (which were awful))    I think that about sums it up for the positives at this place....  Negatives.  The Bathroom was kinda nasty.. The tile, and fixtures were old and grimey.   The AC did little to nothing in our room...  No AC in the hallways, stupid hot walking to/from the room.   Excruciatingly long check in/ check out times.  I noticed the painting on the elevator door was peeling off, and they were just like "fuck it... let's not fix it"   The painting in our room was peeled off the canvas... Noticing a reoccurring theme here.   I'm not one to harp on the attractiveness of staff, but the Hooters girls were less than stellar in the department. I go to Hooters for the wings anyways, but for others that may/may not be a big deal.    In all fairness I will say there was a noticeable difference in service between daytime and late hours at this place.   I've noticed something in common with most reviews on this place, people are mentioning the fact that the waitresses/staff are very rude to patrons. Very true! Two stories to share about this one.  1. About 5:40am my friend and I walk into the Mad Onion looking to sign up for the VIP card (so we can get the 25 cent wings) nobody was in line, and the restaurant has less than 10 people inside. The hostess "Crystal" Ignored us for a good 3-4 minutes as she did whatever it was that she was doing behind the counter. Not a single glance... Nothing. When she finally graced us with her presence, she informed us that the person responsible for registering people for the VIP card was on break, and would be back in about 10-15min (25 cent wings end at 6am) and we should just hang around and keep checking back for this person....  Come to find out from a bartender NOT the hostess, the VIP person already left for the night. Sorry no 25 cent wings for you.   2. Mad Onion (again) around 3:30am. Crystal seemed to be in a better mood this time around....  While waiting in line to get a seat (we decided to secure a VIP card for the cheap wings earlier in the day) we notice a large amount of people just walking past the line, and heading into the restaurant. My friend decides to inquire about what is going on at the hostess desk. He asked "What is going on?" (very calm, very collected,) and a gentleman behind the host desk (doing VIP card registration I think) simply responded with "I'm not affiliated with the restaurant."   After about half an hour wait we get sat. (Be aware that with about all the promotional specials offered, you have to buy a 1.50$ drink (alcoholic/non alcoholic) in order to receive the offer.) I order 20 spicy, Bud Light (in order to satisfy the drink req.),  2 blue cheese cups (1.00$ each), and an order of fries my friend follows suit but without the fries.   Food arrives, all but my fries... No problem, server said she would have them right out. Fries never came out?!?!? When it came time for the check, we politely reminded her not to charge me for the fries because we never got them. She scoffed at us and stormed off! REALLY?!?   We compare checks, and notice that my friends bill is higher than mine. He asked for a to go box, and was charged for the box 1.50$ and they charged him again for the wings he didn't finish 2.50$!   At this point we are fuming! How are you going to charge someone twice for food already ordered? It was as if he was leasing the wings w/ the option to buy if he chose to take them off premises... LOL   Needless to say a major scene ensued, and they finally took the charge off.    That is all I care to write about this place...   While I plan on going back to Vegas very soon, I will NEVER stay at this place again!  2 stars for the 1.50$ bud, and the shot at getting 25 cent wings.   peace
