381	0	Been to two pinks hot dogs now....The supposedly good one and this one and this one sucks. The hot dog just sucks. It's nasty. Make it  bearable by putting every condiment on it and put pastrami and whatever they have. Cause the dog just straight up sucks.  Oh ya the service is not that great either. Small little place. Wouldn't go  if your drunk. Just go eat mcdonalds or pizza. Not this
1512	1	We were in Las Vegas for a mid-week business event and stayed at the Venetian. We made advanced reservations before arriving in LV through Open Table.com. Everything went smoothly and the hostess called each time (we ate two dinners there) to confirm reservations the day of the meal. Both meals were pretty much flawless. We each seemed to especially enjoy any of the nightly specials which happened to be hanger steak, fresh corn salad and some other goodies.
175	0	So my family went to Vegas to celebrate my daughter's birthday. Of course this is the perfect place to sing to her. I'm willing to spend $200-$300 for our family. We came in and it was 100 degree outside, we were all tired and hungry.  Then this family came and cut in, this lady ( the mom) cut in with a straight face and didn't even care cause she knows she's doing it on purpose. My husband told her husband we were in line but I said to him it's ok cause they were only party of 3 and we have 6 in our group anyway. Then I told my husband, "just be grateful your not married to that kind of woman." And the husband heard, the husband and her kid was embarrassed by that woman's attitude. People, don't embarrass your family just for a table! Anyway, so we got our table....our waitress asked what we want for a drink, I gave her our order and I said that's all and I said "That's all"....and she said, "that's all you are going to order". And I'm thinking for a drink "yes". She left and I saw her whispering to another waitress, and I'm like..... hmmmm???? Then I came close To her register and asked to sing for my daughter, so she said to order a desert, so I did and she  brought the sundae with a candle and DIDN'T even sing to my daughter.... She just left it on our table. So we just sang to my daughter, just us!!!! How RUDE!!!! Our waitress is this black lady, that looks like a unemployed stripper/semi retired prostitute. And she's also too slow!!! Then we were waiting to order, looking at their yummy looking food. And we can't understand why she's taking too long to come back. After 30 minutes she came back with a receipt!!!! WTF!!!!! There's six of us and we only ordered drinks and you thought that's all we're ordering!!!! Dumb waitress!!!! We're celebrating my daughter's birthday!!! Anyway we were so pissed that we just decided to leave. This place is understaff..... their sundae are too sweet, the frozen chocolate drink that everyone is talking about is too grainy. YuKkk!!! And they have one dumb black waitress that needs training. I can't believe I didn't check her name. The other waitress seem nice and faster. But she's just too slow and obviously this place is under staff. They overcharge people and their understaff. Ridiculous!!!! Never will I come to this place again!
515	0	I was drawn into this hotel because of the $9.95 Prime Rib dinner 24/7 banner hanging on the side of their hotel!! DOH! It was okay-ish...my fault, I fell asleep at 5AM asking for this! All I can say is their wings suck arse...The tights gotta go under them orange shorts too, I never was a fan of that look LOL.  I guess I was only a fan of the Prime Rib, everything else was ehhh-whatevs!  I wasn't even aware of my surrounds at 4-5AM...sorry, there were bright lights and comfy cushions...I knocked out, but still remembered that the food sucked! LOL
1319	0	Terrible food! At a $21.99 price point I expected much more choices. There was lackluster breakfast options and even more lackluster lunch options. All the food had 0 seasoning. I will never return to this buffet, if there was an option to give 0 stars without a doubt. My group will need to go get food after eating this overly priced buffet .
1183	1	One of the best burgers I've had in Vegas, hands down.   We had a bit of a wait (~15 minutes) before being seated, but it wasn't too bad. You can hang out in the middle of the mall and people watch until your buzzer goes off. The place feels kind of cramped once you're in there. At least it did for us. We were in a table in the middle, between the bar and some booths, but who's complaining? It's Vegas, and if you don't like crowds it sucks to be you.  A quick pitcher of beer set the dinner off right and we followed it up with a couple burgers (it IS the Burger Bar) that were cooked exactly the way we ordered them. My wife likes hers medium and I'm a burnt to a crisp kind of guy, which usually means one of us gets hosed. But not this time!  The shakes were awesome, too!
1556	1	I grabbed a salad from here for dinner four different nights during my stay at the Venetian. The staff was genuinely friendly and the prices were very reasonable for Vegas. The Grand Lux Cafe is the place to go for breakfast, lunch or dinner if you want an easy and inexpensive meal.
145	0	I'm about to go on a Vegas binge sometime soon, this review was supposed to come earlier but I've been busy this whole year! Anyways, I digress, here are some quick tips:  1. At time of writing, Bayside Buffet does still have discounts through MyVegas the facebook/iphone app.   2. Strategic timing is key. If you come at 10:45 AM for Breakfast M-F, you can get in for $17.99 and then stay for lunch when it's bumped up to $21.99. This is just common Vegas buffet savvy though! However, this DOES NOT work for dinner as it does start at 4:30 PM regardless of the day.  3. Brunch begins at 7:00-2:30 on Saturdays/Sundays.   We rolled in on a lazy Saturday afternoon around 1:00 PM towards the tail end of brunch. We knew that there might be a lot of people waiting to get in, but we weren't prepared to see that the line was pretty much completely empty. Regardless, we walked up presented our MyVegas discount to get in for 2 for 1 without problems, and then walked up to the buffet.  I remember around twelve years back heading to the Bayside for the best crab and the best desserts on the strip. A lot has changed for the worse. It seemed as though almost everything that we had was either lukewarm or cold. Even things that were supposed to be under heat lamps were still cold!  Still, being hungry, we decided to sample what they had to offer. I picked up various pieces of meat from the grill, some italian dishes, and tried their sushi. One of the things I figured out quickly was their was really low quality and the steaks that they had were mostly tasteless and full of gristle.  Furthermore, the pasta sauces were watered down and the sushi was a complete utter joke. Then again, sushi at Vegas buffets are usually not really top notch at all, but this was just seaweed covered disgusting, cold, and hard rice.  The dessert section was not any better. Most of the stuff was melting and leftover chocolate streaks from stuff already taken by other guests was all over the plates. Most places at least replace the plates that food was taken off of.  Anyways, what upset my girlfriend and I the most was one particular dish. There was a baked rolled up piece of salmon that seemed like it was going to be hot. As I cut into it and opened it up, I discovered that the inside seemed to be raw. Note, this was not some sort of fancy salmon tartar or salmon sashimi, this was supposed to be a baked piece of salmon that was fully cooked.   Anyways, I notified the waiter who promised to talk to the chef. I watched this interaction to see what would happen. The chef talked with the waiter, looked at the fish, set it down, and went back to laughing and talking to another coworker. The waiter came back and told me that the chef said it was cooked, but when I asked for the waiter's opinion he told me he wouldn't have eaten it because it looked raw.   At this point, I asked for a manager. I couldn't believe that the chef would be so careless with his guests. If he truly believed that the fish was cooked, then he should have come back and served that piece of fish to me. Instead, he didn't even come to hear my feedback or anything. Anyways, the manager chewed out the chef, took note that really almost everything was cold, and also comped our meal. So props to the manager who deserves 5 stars, but the rest of the buffet deserves 0 stars.  I would not come back to the Bayside Buffet, but perhaps your experience will be better! Best of luck to you all! :)
296	0	Stay away! Quality is bad, took them 25 minutes to make 4 sandwiches. Ordered them heated, only 2/4 was heated. The other tasted like they just came out of the fridge.  The "Special" is especially bad! The pork roll has barely any pork, full of fillers.
298	0	The only good thing about the Flavors Buffet at Harrah's is their service. The workers are super nice and very friendly. It's sucha shame that their buffet really sucks.  It's a good size buffet that covers different kinds of foods by regions. IMHO, everything sucked, but there were a couple that were by far 'decent' and they were the tacos, which you can pick and choose to put in what you want, the shumai dumplings, ice creams, and salad.  Yet, nothing else was worth my $25 for Flavors.
383	1	Very nice settings and workers there. The food was awesome my wife had  a Beeny that was very delicious the eggs were poached perfectly. I had a skillet that was absolutely fantastic. The coffee was spot on not to strong or weak. Definitely going to go back it not prices high either, which i throughly thought was going to be more expensive. Very happy to spend my morning eating there. GREAT JOB!!!
433	1	My boyfriend and I have been here more than a few times here. We usually come here after work at night time. Always had a good experience and have nothing to complain. The food is always good. We love their Honey Bread the most for the dessert. The bbq grill options has good amount to share as well and very flavorful. The servers are nice as well. We definitely recommend this place.
861	1	FIVE STAR EXPERIENCE extremely attentive and knowlegable wait staff.  we went in the middle of a shift change.  the waitress introduced us to our new waiter...the transition went smoothly.  staff knew their products and were always willing to go the extra mile food was amazing!  we ordered the japaleno poppers, onion rings, and the euro burger...omg!  my husband is the epitomy of a carnivore.  he loves steaks and burgers.  however, whenever he eats a burger he does this super IRRITATING ritual.  he typically takes a bite...puts it down then says "mine are better."  it typically NEVER fails.  i didnt think here would be any different.  today, he looked at the burger picked it up and took a bite...then he did something he NEVER does...he took another bite...then another...and another.  when he was competely finished he stated, "perfection."  the bun was slightly crisp at the edges but warm and soft in the center.  the patty was perfectly seasoned and wonderfully juicy.  it was awesomeness on a plate.   we'll be back!!
1782	0	I get stuck here when I have to work the convention center trade shows. The rooms are craptastic. Small, tattered and lame. One time my drawers kept sliding open because the freakin room was so slanted!! They put plasmas in the room but that couldn't save it.   To make things worse, they have Barry Manalow plastered everywhere with Copa Cabana blaring where ever you go... A Benihana onsite, proximity to the Convention Center and GREAT sports book save this place from one star damnation.
56	0	I had an absolutely terrible experience here and I think it ruined the celebrity chef name too.  This was last summer and I finally got around to writing the review. I still have the bad aftertaste in my mouth and I swore never to go back there again. EVER. I'd love to give them zero star if I could.   The service: slow and inattentive.  The communication between servers and chefs was terrible - our dish somehow went "missing" and we waited and waited, we didn't get any apologies for that.  We ordered our drinks first hand, but the drinks came towards the end of the dinner. If we didn't remind them, we probably wouldn't have gotten them.   Their guac was so bland and expensive. We mixed it with the salsa because it was that bland. I can make a better batch of guacamole for 10th of the price. The siu mai was just bad. Everything was so small and expensive for no apparent reason. I'm sorry I even wasted time and money on this place.   Ok, maybe it's fine to go one time for the novelty of the Mexican/Chinese fusion idea, but definitely not worth the price. They made so many mistakes and failed to make up for it all! The waitress came and suggested that she was sorry, but please, we all knew she didn't mean any of it when she sounded and looked so irritated the whole time that I was complaining about the entire experience in front of her. I don't remember if I tipped, but if I did, I shouldn't have.
1615	1	It was my first time here and everything is absolutely perfect ! Here is open 7/24 and they serve perfectly altough it's 2:30 am ! I got fettucini alfredo w mushroom and i can say that these guys make it better than little itally. To be honest here is the one of the best place to eat in Las Vegas...
168	1	WOOOO, Shake Shack. I still have dreams about you.  I'm so glad we decided to cancel our original lunch plans to stop in here. Best decision we made all day.  The was a bit of a lineup, but it moved quite quickly. After ordering, we're given a buzzer which was cool. A little more organized than calling out numbers. The location was kept very clean and modern inside. It wasn't too hard to find seats, as there is a lot of turn over here and guests are considerate to leave once done their meal.  We wanted to try the original, so we ordered the double, draft root beer and a strawberry shake. All GREAT! The burger was just so melt in your mouth delicious. It was a tad salty, but that didn't stop me from devouring this beast.  The shake was sooo friggen good. I would go back just for a shake, but it would be hard to resist a burger. The root beer was only alright, I'm not sure I would order it again.  Overall, I was amazed. Burgers are one of my favourite foods, I'm not easily amazed by a burger, but when I am, it's so eye opening.   This is a definite must when going to Vegas (or NY)
342	0	The worst cafe food in Las Vegas. Seriously! $5 for a baked potato that has been sitting all day and barely reheated. The inside was light brown...possibly cooked the day before. The pork fried rice obviously had suggest in it. Steve's blood sugar skyrocketed to almost 300 after eating 1/4 of a bowl. I tasted it and told him to stop eating it immediately. I could taste the sugar. $40 later for rice and a potato.
467	0	After a 5-6 month long sabbatical I have returned to Yelp, and this time I'm back with burning rage for Hooters Casino & Hotel. Boy oh Boy where I even begin...   As this was the first time to Vegas for my friend and I, I did a tremendous amount of research on the lodging options. After heavy consideration we settled on Hooters, because of the ultra cheap price... I will admit that the reviews I read on the place had me worried, but honestly how much time you spend in the hotel?   Having that been said let's get down to business...  Before I slam these people let me discuss the positives.   For starters the 1.50$ Bud/Bud light 24/7 was a great deal (honestly that is what sealed the deal on whether or not we stayed there).  The rates really are dirt cheap, you'll be hard pressed to find anywhere that close to that strip any cheaper.    25 cent wings from 12am-6am. Who can say no to that?   Sign up for the Hooters reward card, and you get 200$ in free slot play (promotional only slot area, at 10$ per spin), free steak dinner at Mad Onion (with purchase of 1.50$ beverage per person, and with 1.50$ charge for any add-ons IE. salad, toppings for your potato, onions and mushrooms (which were awful))    I think that about sums it up for the positives at this place....  Negatives.  The Bathroom was kinda nasty.. The tile, and fixtures were old and grimey.   The AC did little to nothing in our room...  No AC in the hallways, stupid hot walking to/from the room.   Excruciatingly long check in/ check out times.  I noticed the painting on the elevator door was peeling off, and they were just like "fuck it... let's not fix it"   The painting in our room was peeled off the canvas... Noticing a reoccurring theme here.   I'm not one to harp on the attractiveness of staff, but the Hooters girls were less than stellar in the department. I go to Hooters for the wings anyways, but for others that may/may not be a big deal.    In all fairness I will say there was a noticeable difference in service between daytime and late hours at this place.   I've noticed something in common with most reviews on this place, people are mentioning the fact that the waitresses/staff are very rude to patrons. Very true! Two stories to share about this one.  1. About 5:40am my friend and I walk into the Mad Onion looking to sign up for the VIP card (so we can get the 25 cent wings) nobody was in line, and the restaurant has less than 10 people inside. The hostess "Crystal" Ignored us for a good 3-4 minutes as she did whatever it was that she was doing behind the counter. Not a single glance... Nothing. When she finally graced us with her presence, she informed us that the person responsible for registering people for the VIP card was on break, and would be back in about 10-15min (25 cent wings end at 6am) and we should just hang around and keep checking back for this person....  Come to find out from a bartender NOT the hostess, the VIP person already left for the night. Sorry no 25 cent wings for you.   2. Mad Onion (again) around 3:30am. Crystal seemed to be in a better mood this time around....  While waiting in line to get a seat (we decided to secure a VIP card for the cheap wings earlier in the day) we notice a large amount of people just walking past the line, and heading into the restaurant. My friend decides to inquire about what is going on at the hostess desk. He asked "What is going on?" (very calm, very collected,) and a gentleman behind the host desk (doing VIP card registration I think) simply responded with "I'm not affiliated with the restaurant."   After about half an hour wait we get sat. (Be aware that with about all the promotional specials offered, you have to buy a 1.50$ drink (alcoholic/non alcoholic) in order to receive the offer.) I order 20 spicy, Bud Light (in order to satisfy the drink req.),  2 blue cheese cups (1.00$ each), and an order of fries my friend follows suit but without the fries.   Food arrives, all but my fries... No problem, server said she would have them right out. Fries never came out?!?!? When it came time for the check, we politely reminded her not to charge me for the fries because we never got them. She scoffed at us and stormed off! REALLY?!?   We compare checks, and notice that my friends bill is higher than mine. He asked for a to go box, and was charged for the box 1.50$ and they charged him again for the wings he didn't finish 2.50$!   At this point we are fuming! How are you going to charge someone twice for food already ordered? It was as if he was leasing the wings w/ the option to buy if he chose to take them off premises... LOL   Needless to say a major scene ensued, and they finally took the charge off.    That is all I care to write about this place...   While I plan on going back to Vegas very soon, I will NEVER stay at this place again!  2 stars for the 1.50$ bud, and the shot at getting 25 cent wings.   peace
1116	0	This restaurant looked really cool from the outside.  I guess I got sucked in by all the beautiful fishes in the fish tanks.  I also thought how bad can noodles be from BeiJin?  Whua, shocker!  It was BAD!  They said they the noodles were hand-pulled.  I know how hand-pulled noodles should taste.  These were not even close.  The texture were too soft and didn't have the Q (Al Dante) they should have.  The Pork and mushroom sauce were so little, I had to add soy sauce to the noodles in order to eat it.    The order of  'Beef Pancakes' has 2 and were the size of dollar coin.    Conclusion - very small portion, very expensive, and very bad food!  Don't be enticed by the fish tanks like I did.  WALK FAR FAR AWAY from this place!  It's not even worthy of 1 star!
1318	1	How can I not give 5 stars to the restaurant that warranted two trips in as many days?  Based on the mention of the mountain of fries (a million thanks, Monica), I insisted on getting a reservation for our first night in town; we snagged seats at the bar for dinner our second night.      The beef tongue salad was so good that a man at the next table asked what it was because the expression on my face made it evident that whatever I just put in my mouth was something very, very special.       Come to think of it, the food sparked conversations with three different couples at neighboring tables--makes me think of that Cat Stevens song:    Oh I can't keep it in, I can't keep it in, I've gotta let it out.  I've got to show the world, world's got to see, see all the love,love that's in me    Eat at Bouchon and try to contain yourself.
1487	0	Lets start with.. at least they get your Thai Tea to you when you order it not like *PHO KIM LONG* OTL  OK now with that out of the way lets start the review..  I was anticipating the arrival of Lee's Sandwiches due to a ton of people praising the place.   The bread was so HARD that it cut the roof of my mouth!  The lights were dreadful to stay in! The intercom kept playing the same annoying commercial every dang second!   The servers were at least nice and welcoming when I was there.   Lets just say only reason I'll go back is for the THAI TEA and soft serve  2stars just for the Thai Tea.. lol
711	0	Get ready for a cheesy south-of-the-border inauthentic experience, with sexist, insulting quotes hanging above the bar (like - the more you drink, the better she'll look). Because this is what you get in Vegas. A nice spot on the strip for people watching, but don't expect much from the food. The food was mostly bland, except for the "spicy" dishes which were just doused in hot sauce. I'm sure there is good Mexican or Texmex in Vegas, but you'll probably have to get further from the strip.
1506	1	The beef wellington was amazing; cooked to perfection, so tender I could of used my butter knife.  The surprise of the night was the Sticky Toffee Pudding desert... it was UnF@&king real.  I would of licked the plate if there weren't so many people around. Get one to go if you're full but you MUST get one!  Great dinner, great ambiance, amazing food, will definitely visit again.
804	0	Girls hold on to your pocket purses. This is the 2nd time I've been here and a girl I'm with has had something stolen from them. Whether it be a phone or a credit card. Security did nothing, the hell can they do besides stand there and look "pretty"? Nice area but I wouldn't call it safe regardless of how many dudes you see with suits. They're there for show. Maybe they're letting too many shady dudes in for free on slow nights. And in case you're wondering, these were straight pick-pocketing cases. I wouldn't call it negligence. Thank you Vegas, I guess I'm just a small percentage of your shitty cases. Anthony Delgado the "manager" and Jeff shepherd did nothing to help the situation but blame us.
346	1	I'm so happy I got a chance to eat here. The restaurant is tucked away in a strip mall off of the strip and isn't much to look at. When you get inside at first it looks like your typical Thai place. Then you take a moment and realize the walls are covered with celebrity chef pictures who have been to this place. You then notice the very impressive wine collection. The place is also consistantly packed. Now to the food it was literally a party in our mouths. The food was so incredibly flavorful and bright. It was hands down the best Thai food I have ever had and will make a point to come back every time I'm in Vegas.  I highly recommend this place to anyone. The service was also very quick and attentive.
103	1	If I could give 6 stars, i would.  I had heard about this place for over a year from co-workers who travel to Vegas regularly.  I get my share of Vegas as well but this place is about 6 miles away from the strip and I hear it's a pain to get a cab back.  So it's taken me nearly a year to try this place, but i'm glad i finally made it!  Enough storytelling, time for the good stuff.  Bachi Burger puts an Asian spin of the traditional burger and combines some of the things you love in Asian cooking into a sandwich.  Our goal was to try as many of the burgers as we could as there were three of us.  First, great beer selection here!  We started off with the oxtail chili cheese fries and it was a perfect side option for 3 people.  Comes with an egg on top.  The yolk mixed in with the chili and cheese is just the right amount of gooey goodness.  Again the goal was to try as many burgers as we can so we each decided to get something unique and promised to eat one half and split the other half into two so we can all get a taste of each other's.  This was a brilliant idea and I recommend you all try this if going as a group.  Burger # 1: Miyagi Burger - It's their signature burger and comes with grass fed kobe beef patty, some sort of amazing sauce, fried egg and onion strings.  Amazing texture and taste Burger # 2: Spicy Miso: Simple with an amazing spicy sauce that provides just the right amount of heat. This was my favorite! Burger # 3: Unagi Burger:  This one costs $24 but it's well worth the price.  It was a little too sweet and rich for my taste but def worth a try  So after all this we sat there.  Our stomachs were full but we still wanted to end with a bang. The debate was if we wanted dessert, and if so which ones.  Except I had another brilliant idea and recommended we get another burger and split it in three.  I think we were all thinking the same thing, I was brave enough to say it.  So we sat and wondered what else are we going to go with.  Our wonderful server recommended the Mr. Hong, since it was different than what we had already tried.  And what a great recommendation it was!    So like I said, in the beginning, I'd give this place 6 starts if I could.  Not only was the food great, our server made sure we were taken care of from the moment we walked in.  I'm making Bachi Burger my go to destination every time I visit Vegas.
1724	1	We were in Vegas for a day and needed a place to take the family of 7 to breakfast.  Checked Yelp and this place was rated #2 for the area.  So we drove over.  When we arrived, the restaurant was full and there were about 20 people waiting outside.  To me, that was a good sign.  We put in our name and waited only about 15 minutes to get seated.    We were immediately greeted by our server Kat and while we were looking at the huge breakfast menu, she was busy slinging our coffee and juices.  It is really hard to make a selection off of their menu.  Everything sounded really good.  Even Kat (the server) couldn't narrow it down to the "best item."  She said the best she could do was a "top 10."    We all ordered something different.  I had the Blackened Prime Rib Eggs Benedict.  It was really amazing.  The Hollandaise sauce tasted exactly how it was supposed to taste.  The Prime Rib could have been a little more blackened for my taste buds, but it was still very good.  Other members of my group had the Hawaiian breakfast with Portuguese Sausage, eggs and sticky rice.  Also ordered was the Chicken Fried Steak Skillet, the Blueberry Waffles, Blueberry Pancakes and your basic egg, meat and potato dish.  Everything was good.  Everyone at the table was raving at how good the food was and how they were all happy with their choices.  The banana nut muffins were an extra special treat.    One more thing.  The service was amazing.  Kat was great...and the manager even came out and checked on us.  Great service!  And, to top it all...all seven of us and were out the door in under an hour even though it was a packed house.    So if you are visiting Vegas and looking for a place to go, forget those expensive buffets and places on the strip and head over to this place.  I guarantee you that you won't be disappointed!
942	0	This buffet for me was just eh.  I came here for Christmas dinner and they had a different menu than normal.  In general, most of the things I ate were pretty overcooked.  The prime rib was dry as well as the turkey and other roasted meats.  The crab legs were okay if you got them fresh, but many of them were smaller and didn't really have much meat in it.  I saw the section of the buffet where you can customize pasta and they'll make it for you! I was super excited to try it, but unfortunately the pasta was bland and flavorless.  Salt made it slightly better.    The pan fried scallops looked great, but to my dismay, they were very overcooked and not tender at all.    Maybe I just came on the wrong day and most of their food happened to be overcooked.  Although I would expect the Christmas dinner to be of better quality.   The line to get in was pretty long as well and it seemed to be long most days that I walked by the buffet.   A couple good notes were that the service was decent and they have pineapple juice!
1596	0	Yuck.   If you like fatty, greasy, tasteless food, this is for you. The experience started with the long wait. Once we were seated, the service was horrendous.  We go out to eat a lot and have a solid understanding of good service, this was awful.  Angry, frustrated staff. No smile, barely a hello. When asked for recommendations on the menu, she pointed to one section of the menu and said this is all good.   We ordered:  Hong Kong Noodles: Came out as crispy noodles with shrimp, fat dripping in oil, just lard, yuck. XO Green Beans: We expected spicy green beans and these were a big disappointment due to lack of any flavor or any spices. Noodle Soup: Name started with an L (cant remember full name) was the only semi-flavorful item. It was in coconut milk with noodles and chicken. Decent, and actually tasty. The chicken however did not look like real chicken, must be imitation. Beef with Asparagus: Not good, not spicy, also greasy and definitely not worth $21.  We sent the Hong Kong Noodles back, we couldn't send back everything obviously, that would be too much. They still tried to slip us the check with the noodles though and when we objected she said we'd have to talk to the manager (keep in mind, this restaurant is in BELLAGIO), after a stare down to the manager they adjusted the bill.  We live in San Francisco and are used to good quality Chinese food and excellent service. We have no qualms to pay good money for good service and good food. However, this place was a huge disappointment.  Would never recommend and will never come back.
24	0	Yeah this place is so unfriendly to guys its not even funny. Granted I was with my family so clubbing was more of an afterthought instead of the main event. We didn't have time to go look for passes or get on the guestlist. We get there around 11:30pm. Yeah yeah sorry for being a tourist first. We wait in line for 25 mins in the general admission line and its 20 bucks each.. Me and 3 girls equals 80 bucks WTF. I think tao doesn't know there's a recession or maybe doesn't care. I should have seen it when they walk 12 girls in and 2 mins later they all walk out. If I was with the guys I would have followed them instead going inside. What are they thinking, hot girls never want to pay cover. I did see some guy get in with the laced vans though.  when we get in its a huge cluster f#*k as usual. No room to dance or do anything. We go and head to the bar. 4 drinks were 67 bucks plus tips. At least the bartenders are fast and courteous. It doesn't matter because the marketing genius behind tao wants to shoot foam into the air everywhere, especially into your drink so you can go buy another. Forget about my $300 blazer.   Oh I wanna give a big F U to one of the bouncers. I had this glowstick with me from a concert I brought into the club. I started ravin' out for kicks. Some hot chick on the 'girls catwalk' sees me and asks for it. I ask the bouncer if I can give to her in person. He goes naw, I can't let you walk through the VIP tables... I give it to the bouncer and he walks it over. She blows me a kiss and walks down from the catwalk. I try to going through crowd to meet up but I never see her again. Thanks Mr. cockblocker, you made my night.
157	0	Our group ate a predetermined BBQ meal consisting of chicken, beef rib, beans, corn on the cob, salad, and a roll. Paula Deen would be proud. Much of the food I had in AZ was piss poor. I was hoping to order off the menu which I assume has got to be better. The view isn't all that great either. What is there to look at? The buildings downtown waaaay off in the distance?  The urinals(2) in the men's room are placed right next to each other almost like it's designed for siamese twins to pee in. There is no divider. What a joy to have some idiot step up and piss that close to me. I could only picture there being splatter all over my jacket & pants. Ugh, what an ordeal.
1390	0	Eek! Methinks not is RIGHT.  I wanted to come here to see what all the hype was about. Sorry East Coast, White Castle did nothing to me. It did not wow me. It did not make me go crazy. I just felt like poop afterwards.  It was so expensive (maybe because it's located directly in the middle of the strip), for what it really is. A little slider.... with a weird piece of looking meat. And you can tell they're already made just sitting there, waiting for someone to pack it once you order it. It wasn't great nor was it horrible, it was just blah. And no one told me but they put ONE pickle in it.  I know it's a classic, but it ain't for me. Sorry fans. I'd rather spend my money at In-n-Out.
1970	0	If you are accustomed to staying at the quintessential Vegas resort such as the Wynn, MGM, Aria, or even the Monte Carlo then you will have a lot of compromises. Casino smoke hits you as you walk through the door, the bathroom tub did not drain easily (although they did send someone to fix it quickly), and the room service sent us 8 wings when we ordered 10. A friends room smelled of mold and our view was of a dumpster and gorgeous Tropicana parking lot. If you want some cheap Vegas thrills such as a cheap room, $3 and $5 black jack that is close to the strip then this may work for you. Remember that in Vegas you get what you pay for.
1757	1	Bonne adresse de pizza, de belles part a manger sur place ou de grandes pizza  emporter.  L'endroit se trouve au 2me tage du cosmopolitan (3me niveau !) au fond d'un couloir avec des affiches, pas facile  trouver mais il suffit de demander, il n'y a pas de pancartes et il n'apparat sur aucun plan.  On y va pour les pizzas, pas pour le lieu.
529	1	WOW What can i say about this place other than it was amazing! I ordered the chill omelette which was amazing and it comes with potatoes. Also the banana nut muffin comes with this and this muffin was probably this best muffin i have ever had. The service was great even with the place being busy. Just a heads up your gonna have to wait especially on weekiends, it was definitely worth the wait and i will be back here every time I am in Vegas.
901	0	After a very flight it was suggested we check out Citizens for a late dinner. We asked to be seated inside because the band playing in the bar outside was SO loud. It didn't make a difference. Our server greeted  us quickly and was very enthusiastic. We ordered the fish & chips and the tuna melt plus waters. Food presentation was beautiful.  unfortunately the fish was over cooked and the potato salad, al though made in house, lacked flavor. In the end our bill was $50 for a mediocre meal. The fish and chips was definitely over priced, $26!
155	0	Love the frozen hot chocolates but the service was really bad for us!! We sat down and waited for ten minutes and had to flag someone down to ask to take our order. "I'll find a server for you."  was his response. A family sat down right after and a server tended to them right away. We looked around and noticed that we were the minorities. Id hate to pull the race card but thats how I'm perceiving it. Disappointed is what I am.
1277	0	The first time I went to the MGM, I was pleased with everything. The second time I went, the service was not very good. Thinking that this was a fluke, I stayed there again. Big mistake.   We got there after 3 a.m. because of really bad traffic. Obviously not the MGM's fault. We got to our room and one of the window coverings was broken. I was concerned that somehow I would get blamed for breaking the window covering so I wanted to inform the front desk. I figured they may change our room or just say "don't worry about it." What I got was attitude. They said "It's 4 a.m., what do you want me to do about it?" Okay, well at least they know that the window covering is broken.   Fast forward to 5 a.m. I wake up to someone OPENING OUR DOOR. So far, I had only one hour of sleep. I wake up in alarm wondering if they double booked the room. According to my spouse, they knocked first. It was Engineering. They were there to fix the window covering. Who sends maintenance into a booked room at 5 a.m.?! How is this okay?  Then, a few hours later, they wake us up again with a phone call. They asked us if we had checked out because the maid service reported that we did. We had not checked out. At the end of our stay, we called the front desk and checked out. We asked them if any further action needed to be taken and they said that everything was taken care of.  They double charged us. We paid for the room online. When we had first got there they asked to see the credit card and they charged us again without our knowledge. My spouse called them to rectify the situation after our stay and they insisted that we had stayed two nights! I appalled at how awful this entire situation has been.
420	1	First time here a little of a wait but who doesn't wait in lines in Vegas? It was worth it. I wish for the double vs. the single since I was really hungry. Their fires were amazing cut fries they were crispy and had no grease at all and the taste was spot on! The service was also exceptional! The salted creamy caramel shake was a hit. Thanks for building a shake shack in LV. A must eat. Great for the entire family.
1356	0	Room was clean, we rubbed the ass, and it's in a great location for visiting both the Strip and Downtown. I liked it, it has a very lived in vibe. Be warned, the food there is thoroughly rubbish -- not trashy enough to be good bad, but not nearly good enough to be good.
1803	1	We've been fans of Ramsay's tv shows and had always wanted to actually taste his food. We found ourselves in Vegas, staying at the Paris.  We finally had our chance to enjoy a Ramsay steakhouse and we were not disappointed.  The famous beef Wellington was not of this world. Amazing. Kobe A5 beef - melt in your mouth. Creamed corn, mushrooms, Mac and cheese, dear god it was all frigging awesome.  You don't get flavors like these cheaply and it was not cheap. But who cares?!  This was a wonderful experience and we can't wait to get back!
531	1	Meeting chef Scott!!!  Ordered the fish and chips.  The fish was the best I have ever had. The chips were not good.  The manager came and asked for feedback. He said they have been trying to perfect the chips and are still working on it. He was awesome, he send over 2 Carmel toffee desserts at no charge that were amazing!  The server was Alise and she was awesome!!  She event sent out chef Scott, as we really wanted to meet him.  I tasted my friends shepherds pie and it was very good.  The bangers and mash were good also.  I liked the branding and atmosphere.  Definitely will be a happy memory or this vacation.
1963	0	So I was really excited to try this place.  I heard Pink's is the #1 hot dog, better than gray's papaya in new york.  I seriously couldn't wait after I saw that Planet Hollywood had a Pink's there.  i decided to order something different.  It was the hollywood dog or something like that..  I didn't like it at all.  I didn't want to try anything else because I paid $16 for a hot dog, fries, and a coke.  They get two stars because I liked the fries.  My friends told me I would like the los angeles location better.  Hopefully it is better than Las Vegas.
854	1	At the suggestion of some local friends we went to breakfast at Hash House A Go Go and it was as advertised.  Very large portions of very good food.  The bacon was thick, eggs cooked perfectly to order and my French Toast was to die for.  I highly recommend this place.  The only rub is that it is busy so be prepared to wait.
1777	0	Left without being served, waited over ten minutes and no one came to take our order.  Two ladies with children sat in booth behind us and we're served immediately....could it be because we were an older Asian couple that we were totally ignored???? I
1401	0	Yikes. We came here for breakfast one morning and man did we regret it. The worst service I've ever experienced and the worst food. Everything was very greasy... Actually, greasy is the wrong word... It was oily. Very oily. Ew.   We had basic eggs, bacon, toast and hashbrowns which I thought was hard to screw up but somehow they went above and beyond. Took an entire napkin to soak up the oil from my easy over eggs. My friend had the scrambled eggs which were clearly scooped from a bucket of pre-made, and gooey, eggs. Makes me shudder to think of it.  The service was brutal. She forgot to bring us knives and forks, then forgot salt and pepper, and the ketchup and then she sat in the corner giggling with the rest of the staff until we finally asked someone else. What a joke.  Avoid at all costs.
480	1	My boyfriend and I's ever so often treat is coming here for a Kobe burger. At $16 it isn't cheap, but we share it (it's a good size), and it's soooo good.   We always add provolone cheese, cheddar cheese, cinnamon bacon, and oyster mushrooms. All delicious and to die for.   They carry some awesome beers (try the Wailea wheat!), and service has always been good. The wait sucks, but there's a reason wy this place always has a wait.
1949	1	Hung over and tired of all the buffets and expensive overrated eateries on The Strip? Well...Hash House a Go Go might just be what you're looking for! It's located off The Strip, but it's a great place for breakfast and brunch.  I came here with a fairly large party and we were seated almost immediately. With a table full of foodies, we decided to order several dishes to share. This allowed us to try a little bit of everything, which was fantastic! Some of the dishes that we ordered included the following: HH Famous Meatloaf, Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict, Corned Beef House Hash, Griddled French Toast, Roasted Pork Tenderloin, and Chicken and Waffles. My favorite was the Griddled French Toast; it was airy and fluffy, with a nice crisp at the edges. It included baked bananas drizzled with banana cinnamon cream and pecan maple syrup. The combination was absolutely orgasmic and I highly recommend it! Another dish that stood out was the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict. The benedict came with sort of scrambled eggs, versus the typical poached egg that I am used to. It was different, but delicious. The chicken was crispy on the outside and tender on the inside and the sauce was unique and flavorful.  The portions were humungous and very nicely presented. Their drinks are also a hit too--especially their kiwi watermelon lemonade and various mimosas! Our waitress was patient and courteous too, so don't forget to visit this place the next time you're in town!
1983	0	Used to eat here it was always my favorite place to eat on the strip. Foods is great but due to my last experience there I'm not sure I'd ever eat there again. This short blonde hair "bitch" who happened to be the hostess that night was being really rude and ignoring my seating requests even though I was going to wait. Then she had the odasity to call me a bitch to another blonde hostess. I'm not sure if she noticed me and my boyfriend were right there... I was sure to get her name before I left MARIAH. As long as she is there I won't be coming back. Ever. Bad customer service and I just don't need that. This Vegas I expect top quality service.
19	1	Hash House a Go-Go is our Favorite place to bring family and friends when they are visiting from out of town. Breakfast is served all day and our favorite meal to have there. We love when they order pancakes and the shock on their face when the huge plate arrives. Watermelon lemonade is amazing!   First heard about the restaurant  on the Food Network. Everything tastes home cooked and delicious.
1075	1	Had so much fun at Lotus of Siam - a unique experience when compared to the celeb-chef loaded, overpriced spots on the strip that's definitely worth the cab ride out.  It's low-key, no need to get dressed up, and they're dead serious about reservations - will only hold your table for 5 minutes. Obviously, they're masters of tom yum soup - and any other variety.  I ordered mine mild, because I'm a baby, and they obliged - but one of my companions ordered "insane spicy" and they certainly did that too - he was in a lot of pain.  The crispy rice with pork and scallions absolutely rocks - one of my favorite thai dishes I've ever tried.  Broad drunken noodles, red curry, and a whole fish rounded out the meal.  Such a fun experience, highly recommended.
1884	0	We stayed at MGM for the weekend, and didn't have a plan for Saturday brunch. Despite the mixed reviews, we really wanted to do a cheesy Vegas brunch buffet.  The good: We had fantastic service at this buffet! Our waiter was really attentive, and kept the mimosas flowing! He even sent us each home with a "coffee" cup to go filled to the brim with the good stuff :)  The bad:  Long line to get in. Bonus was that we played the $.05 slots and turned $5 into $20 -  enough to cover just over 1/2 of 1 person's breakfast (yes, you read that correctly). Once you pay at the front, you are put into a second line that is divided by table size (1-4pax, 5-9 pax, etc). We were only a group of 3, and the 1-4 line moved fairly quickly. Still took about 20 minutes from arrival to sitting down, despite lots of tables being open inside.  The ugly:  The price for quality of food. You almost can't find a brunch buffet for less than $35, and MGM definitely came in just shy of that. Still ridiculously expensive, but everything is on the strip! The quality of the food, however, was really poor and definitely not worth the money. Powdered eggs, microwaved bacon, soggy sushi, guacamole from a pouch....I could go on but I think you get the idea. While there is a huge variety of food to choose from, none of it was very good.   Wish we'd skipped it.
491	1	Seriously, some of the best pizza I've ever had... and I had to go all the way to Las Vegas to get it! Sure, I'm here in NYC where supposedly there's lots of good pizza, but so far, nothing comes close to what I had at the Pizzeria at The Cosmopolitan Hotel & Resort. This place is hidden in between a few other restaurants in a shopping & dining area attached to the hotel-- there are no signs, so if you can't locate it, ask around. You won't be sorry.   So what made this pizza so awesome? Well, first off, the crust was just right-- not too crunchy and not too soft... the pizza sauce was perfect and seasoned just right... and the cheese and toppings were fresh and tasty. On two different visits last week, I had a couple of difference slices-- I tried both the pepperoni and meatball. The 2nd time I had them add ricotta to my meatball slice... and all I can say is, "Amazing!"
286	0	I went here so that I could talk crap about the waiter, but he wasn't even mean!  He just basically ignored us.  I wanted to get into verbal disagreements with someone.  -1 for crappy ribs -1 for no plate -1 for long wait -1 for no paper hat -1 for being expensive  Never coming back here ever again unless its free.
1056	1	I'll preface this review with the fact that I am NOT a breakfast person. I don't love anything about it. Except when I visit the Egg & I. And let me tell you ... it became a weekly event after a while.  I can't turn down fresh squeezed OJ. This restaurant has delicious OJ. You should try it at least once. I love their menu. They have interesting combinations, like chicken, pesto, and eggs, and delicious twists on common breakfast dishes, like French toast. I love the scrambles the most, and would  often get the veggie scramble sitting atop ranch potatoes. Slather that mound with hot sauce and call it a day. Expect an exhilerating food coma to follow. The portions are big. I also recommend trying their complimentary banana nut muffin at least once. I don't like muffins or bananas, seriously, but I like theirs. Be adventurous, don't order eggs and a side of bacon. Live it up a little...  Super awesome service. Expect to wait on the weekends for breakfast/brunch, but they have a quick turn-around and great waiters/waitresses. A nice perk to the crowded atmosphere is an egg on the table that you can flip when you require service. On a very busy day it's very helpful to the staff, and don't be afraid to use it! I've always had friendly, impeccable service here ... no complaints. I've brought every out-of-town guest here for breakfast, and we've always left happy. Stop in and give it a try!
409	0	Get ready to pay. The food is alright, for some big portions. And I enjoyed it all. But, really, this diner type food is overpriced. I guess you're in Vegas, and you have to be expected to loosen up the purse strings. But you can make the same counter argument because you're in Vegas too.   Saving grace = frozen hot chocolate. This is what they're famous. So it better be orgasmic, right? And oh was it. I could've easily passed up on dinner and just had the Oreo Frozen Hot Chocolate for the night. So yum yum! Come here for desert for sure!
909	0	I generally don't like making reviews so soon after going some place; I prefer to stew around, ask others in the party what they thought, and try to make a well rounded review ... you know, be all pretentious about it.  But, after having dinner here last night and having an extra hour or so while the rest of the family goes off to gamble, I had to vent my disgust with the Grand Buffet here at the MGM Grand.  First off, dinner on a weeknight costs upwards of $39.99 a person, which makes the buffet here one of the pricier ones on the strip.  For comparison, the Wynn and Cosmopolitan charge a buck less on weeknights ($38.99), the Bellagio charges $36.99, and, just to throw it in there, one of my preferred Vegas buffets at the Rio is a scant $32.99 per adult.  So, the MGM charges more than the newer and swankier places in Vegas.  And what do you get for that extra cost?  The short answer is nothing to make it worth it.  When I come to buffets, I don't expect anything more than a lot of average fare.  Typically, you can hope to find most things be not too disgusting, with one or two items that jump above the line, and an equal number than dive well below it.  Here, everything feels dried out from too much time under the heat lamps, meats are under seasoned or overcooked, breads are stale or oddly chewy, and then a couple of high points.  Starting with the carving station, the steaks are flavorless, with no char from the grill, no salty melt to the beef, and most everything we had filled with gristle.  The ribs were overcooked, the fatty trim burned to dry coarseness that was akin to bad chicharrones.   The Prime Rib was overcooked, no pink, close to over seasoned (why couldn't they sprinkle some of that on everything else?), and sharing those ribbons of gristle that ruined the steaks before them.  And, finally, those kielbasas ... well, they were just bad.  The Mexican / Latin station had a bad rendition of Carnitas, which were overly laden with unnecessary vegetables instead of flavoring them with just whatever acid they broke down the protein with and the simmer from cooking it down in its own salty fat.  And the pizza ... my toddler son who normally loves such things, wouldn't even touch it.  On the average end of the scale, the Brussel Sprouts were alright, a bit tough as they didn't seem to be steamed to soften up before roasting, but were also coated in the strong, acrid taste of fennel.    The sushi station was on point for a typical buffet, though not for a $40 a plate one.  They had Octopus Nigiri, an atypical selection, and had a good chew to it along with a fair flavor that didn't have an overly fishy taste.  Salmon rolls had jalapeo slivers with nice heat.  But, on the flip side, no California Rolls or any normal sushi fare you would expect to enjoy.  Macaroni Cheese was fair, tasting fresher than out of the box, and good enough for parents to bite and enjoy while kids feasted on it.  And over at the Asian station, the Egg Rolls were average, if not common / everyday.  Pot stickers are poorly made, none of them cooked down long enough for the skins to become gummy and firm like they should have been, but they still were pretty good, even if they readily fell apart.  And Fried Rice is almost always good.  On the high end, the Shrimp Diablo was fantastic, a good cut to the shellfish, perfectly cooked, and served in a wine sauce with fair heat that was really outstanding.  And the Pear and Gorgonzola Ravioli were a nice blend of sweet and salty, well cooked, and sauced in, what I remember being, a butter cream that made it my favorite dish of the night.  Oh, and their dessert is pretty standard, not quite worth the price tag, but still a good representation of what you should see at a higher end Vegas buffet on the strip.  Plus, they have Ghirardelli sauces!  So, in the end, more disappointments than readily edible food.  Nothing was horrendous, but none of it truly stood out in amazement that came anywhere near warranting the $40 price tag.  I think the greatest mark against this place is all of the poor Yelp reviews that have been tagged by MGM management with their thanks and promise of review ... yet, none of these slights seemed to have been improved in any way whatsoever!  Anyway, if you dropped the cost down to $25 on a weeknight, it might be a solid three stars.  As of right now, it's a very weak two stars in my eyes.
1417	0	Shoddy, boring, inept.  For such a great property to serve such a lackluster Mothers Day brunch is a real disappointment.  No bagels ("well you can put some cream cheese on some toast or a roll" said the manager).  Crab legs served frozen solid (we can put them in the steamer for you - another great idea from the manager).  No thanks.  I was hoping for it to served the way it was intended: refreshingly chilled.  To his credit he offered to pay our brunch tab.  That's okay, we're comped anyway.  What would have gone a long way is an admittance to being short on supplies, and not lame excuses.  This is the Mirage, after all - and not some off-the-strip hotel's breakfast bar.  2 stars for excellent beverage service served up by a delightful lady.  The rest was as empty and void as the scrambled eggs - of which there were none as well.
588	1	I usually don't like to eat on The Strip when I'm in Vegas, but I was tempted to check out this place. I loved the cow art all over the restaurant. Our waiter was very attentive and the service was amazing. Yes, these buglers are not cheep, and your bill will probably go up if you're drinking, but then again it's The Strip.  I had the Gold Standard, which was one of the best burgers ever. The meat was delicious and the goat cheese complimented the burger perfectly. My friend had the burger with pork rinds and oaxacan cheese, which was so good. It was my heavy at all it was actually perfect. I really wanna try their adult shakes next time I'm there. Great beer selection also. They know their beers and burgers which is an A+ for me.
13	1	It's the best oh my gawd just delicious. We stumbled upon this place on accident. Me being a huge music lover I couldn't help but notice all these record covers on the wall. The next thing I knew we were in pizza heaven. We came here about three times on our 4 day trip and had pepperoni and mushrooms. Just delightful. It was almost identical to NY style pizza. It looked just like Ninja turtle pizza. All melty and delicious and it tasted like a slice of heaven. The pepperoni was thick cut and so tasty.
690	1	I don't know how I've lived in Vegas for so long and haven't gone to Bouchon because I've been really missing out on great food and exceptional service. It was a bit hard to find and didn't realize that you could get to the elevators from the garage area instead of walking all around in circles.   My boyfriend and I got there on a Sunday a little after noon and it was very busy but we didn't mind the wait because we were able to explore the pool area and enjoy the beautiful cool weather. After reading some of the specials of the day I had already decided on getting the a Rock Shrimp Hash before we were even seated.   We received a text message that our table was ready and we were promptly seated. Very shortly our waiter Matt came over to get our drink orders. I wasn't sure which champagne cocktail I wanted and he suggested Strawberry Fields. I was extremely happy with this suggestion because I didn't want the typical Mimosa or Bellini and it was not overly sweet but the perfect amount of strawberry flavor.  We then placed out food orders, but unfortunately they had run out of the rock Shrimp Hash that Matt said was deeeelicious (our fault for getting there so late).  I decided to order the Moules au Safran et  la Moutarde, which are mussels steamed in white wine, mustard, saffron and served with fries (or as they call it pommes frites). The boyfriend got the Chicken and Waffles which was another dish recommended by our server. Both dishes were amazing! I could not stop reaching over and stealing bites out of his Chicken and Waffles! Definitely a fan of Bouchon, not only because of the delicious food, but also the phenomenal service!
1792	0	I'm sorry.. But I just don't get this place.   I didn't like the menu... I didn't like the food.... I didn't like the service... Didn't like the fact that I waited over an hour to be seated..... Didn't like the price... Their drinks are small and... well, just bad.... Didn't like the club/ restaurant thing going... Even their air con pissed me off... lol......   Yes, the decor here is amazing and inspiring blah blah.....   *urgh*
30	0	They have different sections of food, mexican, american, italian, chinese but not a big selection of each. And the food isnt the best. We went there bc of the unlimited beer, but it was only bud light and some other beer. It was too pricy for the selection if u ask me. $37 for dinner.
1309	1	We had the best service. In fact, that is the reason we went back. Yet, we had exceptional service from an exceptional waitress named, Jena on our last day in Vegas. In fact, a group from another table commented on our great waitress. They had observed her and couldnt believe how kind she was. She was very personable, reviewed the menu, wasnt overbearing, followed thru with questions, quick service...and the food was seasoned great!    Even the mgr, Anthony came over to our table. He was very personable. I felt like I was a high roller or even better they were welcoming me a a guest in their home.  Jena wasnt giving the best service for a tip but because she wanted our experience to be the best. ....The next time you are in Vegas, go see Jena. And, yes make sure you give her a great tip!  Oh, I had the chicken & shrimp jambalya-thought I was in New Orleans. Chicken & waffles-yummy! ..Pomegranate champagne-delicious! You must try the bread pudding!!!   You may want to take it back to your hotel room for a mid day aphrodisiac. Seriously, there has to be a magic potion in it. We ate this and lets just say I never knew "O's" were so palatable.
1604	0	Trust me, I like to be honest with my ratings (generous too) but Beijing Noodle No. 9 just didn't float my boat. And I won't wait to drop the bomb here. Take heed. This restaurant is way too overpriced for your own good. If all you're looking for is an affordable place to grab some food, turn around and head for the foodcourt. My friend and I ended up paying more than $50 for a small order of spicy wonton, small fried rice and beef noodles. Now if that $50 was in Hong Kong currency, I wouldn't complain but for a meal that could've cost me less than $20 at Chinatown, I ended up paying more than double its value. And sure, it tasted authentic. Even the service was authentic in such a way that the waiters didn't even really understand what we wanted so we resorted to explaining our orders in Chinese.   The whole concept of Chinese & Western decorative fusion looked pretty interesting at first, but that hype quickly faded as we seated ourselves and witnessed the staff's cold shoulders. Midway through our meal, one of the waiters abruptly came over and asked 'Finish?' Before my friend could even reply no, the waiter was gone and we were left staring at each other. I didn't really know how to feel about the fishtanks that lined up the entrance to the restaurant and allow me to drop in a quick recommendation as an alternative. The new Bachannal Buffet is not a far walk from here. Walk over there and get your money's worth!
1110	1	I've been to GR restaurants in US & UK and there's a reason he's one of the best and produces that way. The menu is awesome. I finally got the beef Wellington and it was divine. The sticky toffee pudding - one of the best desserts in your life. There's a reason its award winning. The service was fantastic. Also had the bone marrow and we asked for bread and it came with real English muffins that were very rich but yummy. The lobster tail was ok. Definitely a fantastic meal. Just don't gamble in that casino. Dealers are beyond rude.
1987	1	The food here is FANTASTIC. 5 stars, easily.  Calimari : 9 out of 5 stars I'm a stickler when it comes to calimari.. some may say I am on a Holy Grail of sorts-- in search for the PERFECT calimari. Here, it was perfect. Not too salty. Not chewy. And came with a flavorful and creamy sauce. I was in love.  Pasta: 5 stars Generous portion of meat, cheese and pasta with a zesty sauce.  Ambience: 5 stars High-end. Guilded walls. So much attention to details.   Truly an enjoyable experience. A personal favorite of mine!
1885	0	I needed a place to sleep for the night in a pinch, so I booked a room here without reading some of the negative reviews.  Bad idea!   First off, the room was very old with dirty carpeting.   The wannabe flatscreen TV was there as a fixture because its quality was horrible.  Internet connectivity was not free, but available for $13.99 / 24 hr.  Given my experience of how crappy the speed of the internet was at a previous stay at another crappy Hilton property, I opted to not sign up and use my iphone instead.    Lastly, you need to buy ear plugs if you want to sleep at this place because you can hear the elevator rumbling up and down all night long!   It was like staying at a train station!   The room was also very stuffy with an odor of cigarettes and some other junk.    Since I just needed a quick 6-7 hour of sleep and was so tired, I just put up with all this crap.  Otherwise, I would've never stayed here for more than one night.   Overall, it was a very old, stuffy, and noisy hotel and I would not recommend a stay here unless you're super tired and ready to pass out.    The horrid condition of this hotel reminds me of a skanky billionaire inheritant coochi.
297	1	Adam Richman I have to thank u for telling us about this spot it was the best breakfast I've had in my life. Like u said on Ur show the food is mmm my goodness mmm my goodness. A group of us came here to try this place cause we heard great things about it. It was pack on Saturday and we waited for about 45 Min's and we were starving so we couldn't wait to eat. The drinks are good My OJ was fresh u can taste that they just made it and my cousin had the watermelon kiwi it was sweet but good.   The food took about 25 Min's but they tell u that on the menu because they cook everything fresh so a Lil wait won't hurt. I got the MVF special which is the Andy sage chicken and omg that bad boy was da bomb. I thought the chipotle sauce may ruined it but no it made it better and the griddle mash on the bottom so freaking delicious they kept picking at it. It is a big portion but if u love to eat then get it. My cousin got the Chicken and waffles and since I live in L.A we have Roscoe's and they known for the waffles and chicken. My cousin said wtf is that bacon inside my waffle F***ing hell ya. The plate looks like a freaking sky scrapper when it comes out he said it was the best chicken and waffles he ever had but I still like Roscoe's but the best fried chicken is at HHGG IMO.   My cousin In law got the tractor farm with the banana Cinnamon french toast and holy cow that toast had to be 3 inches thick it was ridiculously but I had a bite and it sent me to the moon it was that good. Overall we paid 63 bucks for 3 people which is cheaper then the buffet and I was the only one to finish my meal. Place is kool portions are big the staff is friendly but the wait sucks but 5 stars all the way.
1038	0	If I could give this place zero stars I would. My group and I were not expecting a 5 star dining experience walking into Cabo Wabo but what we weren't expecting was  to be so dissatisfied before our food even came. Our server recommended the specialty Cabo Wabo margarita because it's " made in house" and the other marg was basically a mix. So we ordered some pitchers and then some chips and salsa. When the chips and salsa and drinks came we were so hungry we dove right in. The salsa tasted like burnt cigarettes, and the margaritas were the worst I have ever had. Too sour and soooo watered down. Mind you pitchers were $45 so we were expecting something much better. We decided we didn't even want to give the food a chance (I had previously heard a table behind us talking about how horrible the food was.) We asked to cash out and got out of there as fast as we could. I will compliment the manager for only making us pay $30 for a $100 bill. Yes $100 for horrible chips/salsa and margaritas. We then headed over to HEXX which was amazing and a much better experience.
86	0	Use to love this place. Use to! Not busy Friday night and now I may know why. Ordered a filet and was tasteless. Server reordered it and had it chard. Took forever, our table was almost done eating. STILL NO FLAVOR! .......REALLY!!  This is a steak house for Pete sake. Spend some money on a salt and pepper shaker. Sister and spouse tried it too and agreed. Manager said they season with salt and pepper and are usually heavy on that, then followed up with "a filet usually has little flavor". Huh?? Asked him to try it but he refused. But just continued to argue the point but would not try it. He Just liked to continue to say I was wrong. So I was done! Sooooo done! And manager did nothing to make it right I mean NOTHING! But he got out of there quick. Maybe he was not the manager!  Just presented us with the rest of the expensive bill. So after we left our party. We went back to our hotel the Wild Horse Pass Resort so I could eat something. I was so starving since I had only bread and my husband sat and watched. REAL FUN NIGHT!!! So maybe the General Manager should call us if they care.
821	1	BEST BURGER I HAD IN A LONG TIME :)   5 stars: *prompt seating *great customer service -- our waitress kept coming back to check up on us and kept refilling our drinks without me requesting for a refill. i love that! *The meat wasn't dry! *A creative way to dress up your burger  I will call my burger "The Morning Beast burger" (don't laugh because it was GOOD) *Turkey burger *Dry whole wheat bun *Blue Cheese *Caramelized Onions *FRIED EGG!!  It was really good! The turkey burger wasn't dry at all! i know in the past  turkey burgers tend to get dry due to lack of fat but it was grill to perfection.  PS. Try the Sweet Potato fries! :)   Total bill for two people was wound $40 with drinks so it wasn't THAT bad. I rather spend a lot of money on good food :)  Have anyone tried the Truffles?! $35 each?!!
1115	1	Best Thai food I've had, and I live in L.A.  Unlikely city, unlikely location, a nondescript strip mall on a run-down stretch of Sahara Ave., but oh the food!  I've been here several times now (try to make a couple of visits every time I'm in Vegas, sometimes twice in a day, it's so good).  Great beef salad, excellent curries, grilled chicken, wonderful homemade ice cream.  We've tried a lot of different dishes and everything we've had was great.  Ask for recommendations from the waiter also: that 's how we tried the catfish and the Nam Kao Tod, crispy rice with pork sausage.  They also have a great selection of Northern Thai dishes that you rarely find in other places.    Once, we tried to order the mango with sticky rice but they warned us beforehand that the mangos weren't fully ripe and gave us a sampling of the mango to test whether we really wanted it.  It tasted OK, perhaps a little less sweet than a ripe mango in-season.  We decided to go with some of their home-made coconut ice cream instead.  I think this anecdote really shows the detail and care they put into their food.    They have a lunch buffet on the weekends (geared more toward the locals or the typical tourist) which I wouldn't recommend, but you can still special order dishes during that time.  They apparently have a world-class wine list as well, but I haven't tried it; with the heat of Thai food, I always find myself craving a beer.    Despite all the fancy, big-name restaurants in the city, the meals I have here are always the most memorable.
935	0	Being a west coaster all my life I was of course excited to try the infamous White Castle.  Boy was I disappointed, probably the worst fast food I've ever had. The sliders were disgusting and the chicken rings we are par with the frozen dinosaur chicken nuggets my nephew eats.
842	0	Just returned from a Vegas weekend and this restaurant and service was just terrible. The layout of the restaurant should have been better to accommodate size and demands of tourists and visitors instead of only being able to service the basic size of a mom & pop shop. It has a great area for outdoor seating but the shade and covering or cooling was not enough for Nevada 104+ F demands. The host and service was NOT great at all and good luck trying to find a seat and service with a party greater than 3. We were forced to wait an hour and a half in 104 F when we just had to give up because although we confronted the host as to why several parties were being let in (parties of 1 & 2), our party of 5 is just too big for them and it's easier to let people with smaller parties in. So very rude and not worth the wait.  My highest recommendations to you, if you're willing to pay the same amount for Serendipity 3 go inside Caesars with A/C and comfy seating and shade. Find a bakery called Payard's Patisserie and get their drinks and pastries, just the same price (perhaps portions are smaller regarding pastries but they are in French style-size, drinks are huge) and BONUS they give free samples.  Will fly to NYC for the original shop and avoid this mock.
1848	0	We tried this place about 2 years ago for dinner and I recalled the food was pretty good so this trip we stopped there for lunch. The location is awesome, with a great view of the Bellagio fountains which our daughter loves. So we get there and I ask the hostess if we could get a seat outside in the front. She doesn't smile, isn't pleasant one bit and asks, well, are you going to be eating?  Um, what do you think we came here to just sit at lunchtime?  She stands there looking puzzled for about 20 seconds, then finally took us to the seats without saying anything.  The waiter was cool but man, the food sucked - I had burrito and hubby had combo plate.  He asks for spicier salsa... we charge extra for that... jalapenos?  we charge extra for that.... really? You're charging 14 bucks for a burrito and you can't throw us some lousy jalapenos??  Never coming here again that's for sure... terrible hostess, terrible food at high prices.
563	1	What more is there to say that hasn't already been said? Yes it's Gordon Ramsay's, just go! Go if you are a fan, go if you enjoy burgers and mostly go if you would ever want a chance to see him. I asked our waiter and he said that Ramsay himself shows up about every 3 weeks. He did mention that there are about 200 people or so who also want a chance to see him-so now you know!  Other than that I do personally recommend that You order your burger medium RARE! The meat is as tender and juicy as it looks in the picture.  The jalapeo shots are a good group appetizer. Yes they are spicy-as they should be!  The order of fries and onion rings are big enough to share with someone else!  Another tip! Before you ever appear on one of his shows Make sure you learn how to cook a scallop and Wellington properly! :p
1585	0	I had high hopes for this buffet because I heard that it had improved dramatically over what it used to be.  While that may be true for Friday/Saturday dinner, the quality is sorely lacking at other times.  I went during an off-peak time:  a weekday for breakfast.     I'll start off with the pros:  the staff is very friendly, and the Egyptian theming of the buffet is really nice. Also, there are lots of secluded areas so you're not right on top of other people.  The positives unfortunately end there.  Other than the fruit, the food was inedible.  The bacon and sausage were limp and extremely greasy.  The coffee was burnt.  The eggs were watery, too salty, and had a very strange aftertaste.  The waffles, pancakes, and hash browns were stale and also had a strange aftertaste.  And to top it all off, I also felt sick after eating the food there.  Will not go again.
1054	1	Great food.  Restaurant is a little loud.  The staff was attentive and knowledgable about the food.  I enjoyed the farm burger and onion rings.  Definitely a must next time I'm back in Vegas.  If you're in the mood for a good burger, give this place a try.
1299	1	My sister and mom went for mothers day, Steaks' opening weekend. Their revue was good enough to get me on a plane from San Diego, and for them to extend their stay another day. I joined up and we went for dinner on Wednesday.   They were right...wow   The service was superb. They paid attention to EVERY TINY DETAIL. Napkins were re folded if someone got up, our drinks never got anywhere near empty, simply the best service I have ever had.  My sister and i split a medium rare porterhouse with the peppercorn sauce and mac &cheese and asparagus, my mom got the beef wellington.  Im rating everything as a  "10" period. The toffee cake and butter ice cream was stunning.  I am giving the front of the house and back of house both a 10. I can assure you as this is the Only Gordon Ramsay steakhouse, they DO know how to cook a steak and that's for freaking sure.    This is place isn't cheap, but isn't insane. Expect to pay around 100 each person plus tip. The food is worth it, and this comes from a guy who has no problems making complaints.   Make your reservations well ahead of time.
1412	1	Huge slices (around 9-10", if I had to guess), thin crust and perfectly cooked. I can attest to the cheese, Sicilian and sausage and ricotta (which apparently was the special that day). They were all delicious with huge punches of flavor. The wait was about 25-30 minutes, but I honestly wasn't bothered by it. This place is a Vegas bucket list / must do things.
1964	0	Stayed here on Sunday July 24th. I come to Vegas quite often and I've stayed at numerous hotels on the strip including Planet Hollywood, The Venetian, Treasure Island, The Mirage, Mandalay Bay, Bally's, Caesar's and some off the strip and downtown.   I expected so much more from The MGM given that they're supposed to be one of the top properties on the strip.   Of all my Vegas visits I have never experienced a more horrendous check in process. We waited over an hour to check into the hotel! The line was so long that the hotel was giving out free alcoholic drinks! It was a mess! They charge for parking now as well. If you're going to charge people all this money, the least you could do is make it more convenient for them! We were also unable to check out from the TV and waited over 20 minutes to try to check out via phone so we had to again wait in line to check out!   The hotel itself is nice, the rooms are spacious, I loved the bathrooms. The pools were very kid and adult friendly.   However, I will never stay here again because it does not seem like they have their stuff figured out when it comes to customer service.
1734	1	Take me to Thailand already!  Was soooo excited to come here after hearing about this place for years! Thai restaurants are pretty standard in the Bay Area, so I was really hoping for something different.   Reservations are a must for dinner (or anytime, probably)!! Or come right when they open at 5:30PM and get your name on the list. I came here on a Sunday night at 6PM and it was already a 30 to 45 minute wait for a table for two.  Definitely try to order items you don't normally see at other Thai restaurants. That's the key. If you go for the same old stuff that everywhere else has, then that's what you're gona get... the same 'ol boring stuff. Try something different!  Get the Nam Kao Tod! It's crispy puffy rice sauteed with sour sausage. It sounds a little weird, but it's delicious! I love the crispy texture and there's tons of tangy flavor from the sausage and citrus they put in it. Watch out for the heat though! It might not seem that spicy at first, but the spice creeps up on you and lingers!  The drunken noodles with soft shell crab was SO GOOD. The sauce for the noodles is on the sweeter side. It's a nice compliment to the salty, crunchy soft shell crab. Don't forget to eat some of the deep fried basil leaves with it!  But the most amaaazing thing was their mango and sticky rice! HANDS DOWN the BEST mango and sticky rice I've ever had! The mango was perfectly ripe and so sweet. The sticky rice was unique with the hint of floral in the background. And I couldn't get enough of their coconut milk!  This is also a great place for you wine lovers! Their wine ROOM is astonishing. They have a whole binder as their wine list. They even have one FULL page dedicated to German Rieslings alone!  The menu here is huge. There's no way you can hit everything in one visit. I need to come here every time I'm in Vegas until I try it all!
1670	0	So we had a friend in town and decided to go all out and do the 24 hour "Buffet of Buffets" pass. The next morning we got a later start than we would have liked and got stuck going to Flavors since they didn't have much of a line... that should have been a warning! This was supposed to be a "holiday brunch" but there was really nothing special about the variety of selections and the food I did try was consistently lousy. Even the rolls were hard as rocks. I wasted $10 on the all-you-can-drink add-on since our waitress NEVER came around and when she did, she brought me the wrong drinks! I ended up having two bowls of gelato and calling it a day, saving my appetite for an early dinner. Skip this place.
696	0	Yes another DAMN YOU PRICELINE on this one.  Ok sure it's a block from MGM Grand and the intersection to Excalibur and New York New York, but it's a loooooong block and so totally NOT on the strip.  The place reeked of cigarette smoke for a non-smoking room, paint was peeling, the rug had really creepy red stains... and walking through the lobby was a horror every single time.  On top of that when I checked in (with great effort to drag my butt into this place let me tell you) it took the guy in training 30 minutes to find my priceline reservation, going back and forth to a back room, getting the lady next to him for help... and on top of that I discover they charged me themselves so I paid double for the rooms!  Now I have to dispute the freakin thing.
1518	0	DISGUSTING!!!!   That's all I can say. I was dying for some Pinks in LA and happened to run into this location. I ordered the chili dog and the Chicago and hoped it tasted the same. Boy was I wrong!  The sausage did not taste the same as the ones in LA. I ended up feeling sick after eating it.   Listen to the reviews folks so you don't end up like me with a bad stomach ache.
1900	1	This dinner was a great experience all around.  Our server, Dennis, was top notch and made great recommendations.  Be ready to spend some money (especially if you get a featured app and wine) but the beef wellington for 2 for $100 was well worth it.  It actually brought tears to my eyes it was so unbelievably good!  We had the small seafood tower for an app, split the wellington and truffle mac & cheese and toffee pudding for dessert.  This restaurant is one of the main reasons I will go back to Vegas.
1523	1	I had to write an update to my review of Holstein's because it was even better the second time around!  Everything from start to finish was amazing, and we ordered a lot of stuff.  Even the complimentary popcorn tasted great and was not as over saturated with oil as my first visit here.  What really stole the show for me though was the Rising Sun burger.  It was the best thing that I ate in Vegas during my most recent visit, and I am salivating just thinking about it as I write this review.  I also shared sides of sweet potato fries, onion rings, and fried pickles with my wife, and I loved them all.  I was so glad that we came back to eat at Holstein's again when we were in Las Vegas, because it was my favorite meal of our trip.  I can't wait to come back here again soon!
299	0	We eat here few years back and the food was better - we went there today with the kids and the food was around OK not more then that. Add to that the fact that all buffets in Vegas has this Holiday Price uplift that adds 30-40% to the standard price and one end up not getting his money worth...
1250	0	We paid I believe $15 per person for breakfast. I barely found anything to put on my plate and whatever I did find, i didn't enjoy it. Breakfast is supposed to plentiful and amazing food! Didn't find either of those here. I would suggest paying a little more and going somewhere nicer with a lot more food, I mean it IS a BUFFET! Kids pay $12.
1507	0	This is a pretty lackluster buffet.  I remember it being good but that was probably over 10 years ago.  A lot can change in 10 years.  The only positive is that it is cheaper than the other buffets, I think $15.99 per person and there isn't too much of a line.  There was a basic selection of breakfast items, bacon, sausage, omelettes, eggs, etc.  There aren't any signature items and there isn't anything "MORE" about it.  The food tasted old like it had  been sitting for a while.  With all the buffet options in town, this one can definitely be skipped.
1753	1	Okay. So five-stars *may* be a little inflated, but they closed the last peppermill in the Bay Area about 6 or 7 years ago, and I miss it. My favorite thing is the fruit salad. Which is enough fruit and fiber for 4. It comes with homemade banana bread - um, yum - and marshmallow dipping sauce, AND rainbow sherbet. Hello?! Dessert! :) The colorful sugar is deemed magical.
559	1	Can you say the BeSt PiZzA eVeR!   If someone never told you about the secret pizza place you'd never know this place existed.  Luckily I came across a video on YouTube and had to give this place a shot.   When you find this place it's very small inside. Maybe enough to seat 4 or 5 people. The pizza is excellent and surprisingly not many were here.   Out of all the places we ate on our recent Vegas trip this was one of our favorite.
770	1	Waited 25 minutes to get seated here on a weekday night and had a pleasant experience. Though the seating was a bit cramped for a party of six, the food and service made up for it.  I ordered a rising sun burger which supposedly has kobe beef which is misleading. In America, wagyu is the equivalent of kobe. Despite that, the burger itself was quite good and larger than other gourmet burgers.   Service was also commendable. Our server was generous and accommodating but may have to work on her jokes.
485	1	People rave about the chicken and waffles for good reason.  Hands down the best I've ever had.  I will return to Bouchon on future trips to Vegas just for this dish.  The lobster hash and hibiscus champagne cocktail were also delicious.  We had several great meals in Vegas but this one stands out as the best.
1787	1	One of the best Korean BBQ places in Vegas. It is honestly hard to beat this place. From the friendly staff, to the amazing food, this place is awesome. So Much Juice On That meat.   I went here on a Saturday night with my boyfriend and we truly enjoyed ourselves.  There was a minimal wait, but this allows you to take in the scenery.  You can watch TV as well as watch k pop and pop videos. It has a nice soft red tone to the restaurant. We honestly couldn't wait to sit and eat .
727	1	Made a reservation because of Yelp reviews.  Drove into the crazy/odd parking lot and didn't drive out because of Yelp reviews.  Went inside - sat down - ordered salad rolls......it just felt right. There were many regular customers who were warmly welcomed, families and out of "towners" it just felt good in there! You could tell there were plenty of foodies - long conversations with waiters - people asking for "the best" and "you order for me, this is what I like...."  We ordered: Prawns on Drunken Noodles - I am rarely at a loss for words - all I could say when asked was - "I am so happy".   Beef dish with peanut sauce - also wonderful - though the previously mentioned was by far my favorite.   The service was as expected - prompt, tidy, nice but not overly solicitous. If you are looking for amazing waiters and ambiance go somewhere else. If you are looking for perfect - and I mean perfect food - please join in the feast - like many have said before - the place is so worth it.
124	1	This was hands-down the best food I've ever eaten. Had the pork belly appetizer, fresh oysters (I'm an oyster connoisseur...these are the best, FRESHEST I've ever eaten) beef wellington, and seafood plate (can't remember the actual name of the dish.)  Drinks were fabulous. Portions were perfect. Oh, and the dessert! Sticky pudding is to die for. Eating here was an awesome experience...in itself worth the trip.
1491	1	Bouchon has become one my favorite places not only in Vegas, but anywhere. The first time I went I thought the cheese course and the wine were excellent but that my dinner was not as exceptional. I will say that on my next visit everything was amazing. On both occasions I also thought the bill was pretty reasonable. That is not to say it's cheap, but I think it's reasonable and I have been charged a lot more for meals that were not nearly as nice.  I recommend the outdoor seating for those who are looking for a relaxing or romantic experience.
953	1	One platter can fill the needs of two hungry people. Three not so hungry people. A group of 5 for a snack.   Get liquor in your coffee starting at 7:30 am. I would suggest the Mexican coffee.   Loved the house smoked salmon w/ basil pesto, fresh tomato and melted brie cheese. Must get the french toast.
981	1	As a few Yelpers have noted in previous posts, the actual name of the pizzeria is Nico's, but I will always remember it as "Secret Pizza".When you walk by, it's easy to miss. But take the time and enjoy the many record album covers that adorn the walls. I busted a gut, for sure. That hallway will lead you to a pinball machine and voil!, you've found your pot of gold.   Staying at the Cosmo, my husband and I decided to take full use of our amazing room and bask in the glory of pizza on our balcony overlooking the Bellagio water show. In about twenty minutes, our pizza was ready and we were on that elevator so fast. The pizza was very good and a nice break from formal dining on the Strip. Highly recommended for those general hankerings for pizza in Vegas.
1887	1	Decided to come here on a whim with some friends for lunch, and I'm so glad we did!  We ordered the meat lover's set and a couple of noodle dishes.  The meat was delicious and tender and the spicy seafood ramen was amazing.  Will definitely be back when I'm in the area again!
1235	1	What a great place! Came here last night with a group of 8. The waitress split our bill for us didn't seem too thrilled about it but dealt with it. I ordered the Bulgogi burger and it was probably the best burger ive ever had. Juicy, spicy, sweet delicious. Had a fried egg and kimchee on it. Weird but definitely worth it. Also an order of onion rings. Although pricy when they came out there was a huge plate of them and they were perfectly crisp and totally yummy.  Others had plain burgers, salad, Philly cheese steak spring rolls. Everyone left happy and full. Oh, did I mention milkshakes?
695	0	Was so excited to come try out the food for my 21st birthday an was extremely beyond disappointed. The service was terrible the guy at the windows answer to my 2 questions about the food I was ordering were simply "I don't know". Then I got my 13 dollar fries an hot dog that I ended up throwing away because the bread was so stale an dry I literally have never had bread that stale ever it was gross an me being as pissed off as I was lost my appetite an threw it all away no point in eating something that gross anyways. I don't recommend this place at all I give it -5 stars never been to a place this terrible ever.
1576	1	our first time here, we was craving some good korean grinds and this restaurant has excellent Korean food, service was great, my husband and i loved it!!! if you are looking for tasty korean food as good as you get in Hawaii then this is the place for you!! they also offer FREE dessert with your review, now thats a bonus!
574	1	WOW. I can safely say we ordered everything on the menu and ATE EVERYTHING! Our favorites were the sukiyaki beef noodles, original bibimbap, spicy pork, squash tempura, and the free side of tofu. Amazing value, and this review got me a free macaroon dessert!
741	1	LOVE this place.  The promotional materials say that BurGR "takes the traditional burger, fries and milkshake comfort food combination to an entirely new level," and that's not hyperbole.  We had the Uber Cheese Burger (3 kinds of cheese, fantastic gooey goodness), the Chicken Sliders (good sized, a little aggressively spiced) and the truffle fries (huge portion, more than enough for two to split).  Nothing disappointed, and it was enough food that we didn't finish the fries, despite our best efforts.  Our servers were both terrific: Gianna, who my date described as "put-her-in-a-teacup-cute," and Alex, who knows his way around a beer list.  (On that note, the beer list here is not world-beating, but is passably broad and reasonably priced.)  The servers and host staff are decked out in form-fitting '60s-flight-attendant-inspired uniforms, which is a nice touch and good eye candy.  Easily a level above Holstein's at the Cosmo.  I'll definitely be back.
436	1	Not a lot to add to what's already been stated in previous reviews.  I chose the Hubert Keller buffalo burger and the sweet potato fries.  Best burger I've ever had!  Service was good and we were seated promptly.  I think the prices are reasonable for gourmet burgers.
858	0	Please Tell me, you are not ready  to serve a full buffet yet ! Awesome architecture. People expect more than a prime rib and turkey roast.... Please take a walk over to the Wynn, you can use my $34.00 to buy a buffet with several entrees and hundred more combinations.   Desert menu is OK, but it doesn't make up for stale tomatoes in the salads, they had a pickled taste !  Complained to personnel, didn't even care.   If you are not ready, you should have opened in January.
283	1	Took us over 30 minutes to find, we thought there would be signs. Right as we were giving up and heading out to eat somewhere else we asked and were directed to a dark hallway second story of cosmopolitan. Worth the 30 minutes to find!!! Pizza is constantly being made, staff is really friendly. Let me talk about the cheese!!! You've seen those commercials with the cheese oozing out of the pizza and when you bite it the cheese literally stretches out from your mouth to pizza well this pizza has all that! Best cheese on pizza I've had. Drinks are pretty pricey for just a small cup $4 other than that everything was great and this is going to be a MUST stop next time we go to Las Vegas.
1648	1	Needs to be renamed "Everyone and their mama's know this pizza joint" Pizza.  The line is ridiculously long after a night of drinking/clubbing.  There's a reason why there's a line.  It's pretty damn good.  New York pizza got some competition.  Not so long of a line during the early day.  Remember that Seinfeld episode where Jerry tries to pour out the grease on the pizza and George goes "you're crazy" and pours Jerry's pizza juice on his pizza?  Yeah, this pizza got that pizza "juice" (not grease).  Cheesy, greasy, and deletable meatball topping.  Yum!  Got New York prices too, but hey, it's Vegas, where $50 all of sudden feels like its only $10.  If you don't like flavor and a little saltiness, might be a little too much for your taste buds.  It's really good.  Definitely check it out.
257	0	MEEEH. I really really really used to love Tao. I went last weekend and my eyes were opened to its overratedness. Don't get me wrong, its a great venue but it definitely has is flaws.   The Venue - Freakin awesome. When all is said and done, you have three levels. On the first level you have the lounge with a ton of couches and a big bar. Not many people dancing though - you also do not need to pay cover to get in here. The next level is the main club level with two separate rooms. One plays hip hop and the smaller plays "Dance". There are bars on every side. Last but not least, Tao Beach is upstairs. Seating, heat lamps, big bar, POOL - its all there. There is also so great decor - YES I DO MEAN BATH TUBS.   So that was the good, onto the bad:   The line. WOW. I get that this is a hot spot in Vegas but the line gets nuts. I have seen it wrap and twist around around the whole outside area. There is an easy fix to this - go have dinner in the amazing restaurant and get a "line pass" stamp at the end of your meal. It will fill you up, save you some time and cut the cost of cover!   The bars - can you say freakin expensive for not the greatest value. Yessir, my Henn was $16. I'm not even a Henn guy and it was still $16. LOL If your a dude, you also have to find a female bartender cause the guys will barely come talk to you if there is any type of crowd around. I almost had to flash a little areola to get a drink.   The space - yes this may be the biggest club I have ever been to but it is too effing packed. Like so packed you can't have fun. It amazes me that there aren't a ton of fights in here. I had no room to dance and less room to even walk. Tao Beach is cool upstairs but its COLD in November.   As nice as the club is, there are too many cons and spots where its easier to have more fun in Vegas.
621	0	I don't understand why there is always a long wait when you visit the outside food window. You literally wait a good 30-45 mins to order and 10-15 more for your food. This past sunday (Easter) it was 40-50 min wait for food alone. I hate to think how long you wait for food inside the restaurant?! I only come here for the frozen hot chocolate which is delicious. But the price is definitely not. You pay over 10 bucks for something the size of a tall drink at Starbucks. Lame-o's!
1051	1	This is our fist time try this place. The food was really good as well as the service. We order the Las Vegas combo with 2 appetizers, almost forget to mention they have happy house between 4pm-6pm. There's a lot of food share, we cant even finish it, so we take some home. I would recommend this place to our friends, and we definitely will return.
40	0	the food was good and so was the iced coffee but they really did not want to give me much coffee. the first time i went there i got a regular size iced coffee and it was more like a cup of ice with coffee. it was delicious so i decided to go the following day, i ordered another iced coffee, this time i asked for less ice. when i got my coffee, it was filed up 3/4 way, i asked the cashier sarcastically "you guys dont fill up the cup" and all he told me was "u asked for less ice". it was disappointing, i would look for  new place with good iced coffee because they just dont really want to give you your money's worth,
1747	0	We sat inside because we didn't want to bake in the July Las Vegas sun, but the patio would be good for people watching.  Inside the music was too loud and while our server was nice, it took a while to get our drinks and food.  I had the carnitas tacos for a late lunch which were pretty tasty, but the meal was small.  The place is pricey especially for drinks.   Luckily I had the Yelp check-in offer for a free house margarita that the wife enjoyed.
1325	0	Diablo must've sucked the soul outta the food, cuz it was so bland!  We came here for lunch and boy were we hungry! Usually when we go to hispanic restaurants, 2 plates is too much for the both of us, so we ordered a burrito to share and some chips n salsa. I'm used to chips and salsa being complimentary, but it wasn't here. I think we had to pay about 5 bucks for the chips and salsa. That's a lot considering it's usually free.  The chips came with 3 different salsas, none of which had any flavor. It was like eating chips dipped in water.  We were starving when we got here so we ordered one burrito for the both of us expecting it to be gargantuan like usual, but boy were we wrong! This burrito was so small! Probably the size of a bean and cheese burrito at Taco Bell. The only difference was that it had sauce on it. We looked at each other and said "wtf, we're still gonna be starving after this." So we tried to take our time eating that little hot pocket with minimal flavor. After a minute, we were done and I finished off the chips by dipping them into the beans it came with.   Diablo is deceiving, why should I be surprised?
1060	1	Went here for the first time and it was great!  Dining experience - 5/5 I mean it's KBBQ/Yakiniku style so you cook everything yourself which is always fun and awesome because you can control how you want your beef/steak done   Taste- 5/5 they have a variety of meats/seafood/vegetables you could throw on the grill including Kobe style beef which just melts in your mouth  Cost-4/5 not bad the only pricey item was the Kobe style beef which is ok, could be a little cheaper (comes with 5-6 slices=$21.95) they also catch you on the little things you'd expect to be included with your meal (sauces, rice, etc. they do come with complimentary small side dishes like kimchi, mac salad, etc.)   All in all it was great! Also if you were to write a Yelp review you get a free desert!
818	0	No wonder Tix4Tonite were pawning these tickets to us.  Bad.  Hubs and I came by Tix4Tonite to see what show tickets we could grab for the night scored on Zumanity tickets at 70% off.  Awesome.  They also told us about dining options which we figured, what the hell? How bad could it be?  We spent $19/each and got our vouchers for Pampas.  The food is descent.  But hella slow! Jeez people, this is a churrascuria.  You are supposed to walk around with yummy meats and slice them onto my plate!  WTF? Everyone was cleaning and shit.  I want my meat!!!  We saw maybe 3 guys walking around with meats the whole hour and a half we were there.    Never again.
1160	1	came here for dinner on Feb 22. when i showed up they were very freindly. told me there was a 10 min delay. so they took us to the bar. we ordered drinks and right before we got them they told us our table was ready. i knew what i wanted before i even walked in there.  that was the beef wellington. but i wasnt just about to order i was going to enjoy the whole experince. the waiter introduced himself and his assistant. gave us the bread and water. $9 a bottle. so it isnt free guys. they showed us all the cuts of beef. they all looked awesome. we ordered and waited a fairly good amount for the food. thankully we ordered the shrimp. that was some good shrimp. delicious. then our orders came in. i received the beef wellington and the wife got the chicken. that thing melted in my mouth. the chicken was great too. the wellington was medium rare. cant wait for another visit.
1472	1	Excellence.  I love coming to hash house, and I am from San Diego, so I usually visit the San Diego hash house a go go. But the Vegas one did not disappoint! The food is amazing, the portions are crazy, the prices are decent , the service and staff are friendly and on there A game, and did I mention the food is amazing?  Breakfast and Lunch/dinner is all delicious. I actually came to this one after a massive hangover for my 21st birthday. Made me feel 1000 times better! FYI the bell pepper burger is BEYOND THIS WORLD GOOD!   The only con is the wait can be long, but honestly, it's worth the wait. :)
1159	1	Another night in Vegas, another wonderful steakhouse.  Gordon Ramsay steak is one of the newer upscale steakhouses in Vegas and is located conveniently in the center of the strip at the Paris hotel.  I have eaten at some of the other Gordon Ramsay eateries in Vegas and neither of them compare to this one.  In fact, very few steakhouses on the strip compare to this.  The decor, the service, and the food are all fantastic.  We first started with some drinks, bread (some of the best free bread around) and the seafood platter for 4.  This was one of the best tasting seafood platters I have had.  Everything was fresh and came with a variety of sauces which were amazing.  The crab and lobster was especially tasty.   After the starter, I ordered the salmon and the table also shared a porterhouse.  The salmon was very good, and actually a very good portion size.  Normally they make the salmon with a cauliflower puree that when you squeeze lemon over it, it turns purple, but I think they did a seasonal vegetable with it this time (which stayed one color).  The porterhouse was as good as it gets.  Nothing to fancy on the cook, just a very flavorful and moist steak.  Make sure to get a few extra bites off the bone, that's where you get some of the best meat bites.    The spinach at GR is also one of the best sides I've ever had.  Just a great blend of garlic and oil to make the spinach super tasty and not too drenched.    For desert I tried the peanut butter bar.  Very good, but nothing amazing.  Overall, one of my favorite meals in Vegas.
1117	1	Wow!! Best burger I have had in such a long time! I got the Gordon Ramsay burger and onion rings. The burger had duck bacon which was a little like turkey bacon but better. The flavors here just blend so well together. The service is fast and the waiters were so polite and helpful about the menu questions we had.  I love this place! I always try to stop by here when I am in town!
760	0	Terrible. Used to be the diamond in the rough every year up until this yearly trip.   They reduced the cost of dinner to 28 dollars but the food selection is now half of what it used to be  Also, at the start of dinner at around 530pm one would expect fresh food, but most of it had the 4 hour under a dry heat lamp look to it.  Asked our server why the food looked stale and he said it shouldn't.. Ill pass it along to the manager *rollseyes*  Lastly food quality dramatically dropped. Save your money and goto McDonald's instead for better food quality
883	1	Favorite Korean BBQ spot in Vegas! FYI - it's not AYCE, but it ends up coming out to ~$30/person anyway (unless you have a huge appetite) so comparable in price. Quality of meat, variety of offerings, and service are all better than what you receive at AYCE joints. Also nice, central location away from all other Spring Mtn spots. Highly recommended!
911	1	I come here every time I visit Vegas.  The food here is incredible. Every time we spend a while here, enjoying a number of courses.    For brunch I had the Chicken & Waffles.  Every part of this is delicious in it's own right, and then also amazing combined.    For dinner I had a series of appetizers and the Gigot d'Agneau (Lamb).  I can't remember this one so well, but I recall that I was very pleased.
1665	1	Excellent Korean BBQ!    In fact, the best I've ever had--and I've had quite a bit all over the US and Asia.  First off, the location is convenient and not too far off the strip right across from the Hard Rock Hotel.    The strip mall. It's in is clean and the interior of the restaurant is modern and tastefully decorated--and again; CLEAN.  It is open until 1 am and we arrived about 11:45 pm.  Although it was late and near closing, we still received excellent and friendly service without ever feeling like being rushed.  We ordered the most popular meal package: The Gangnam which came with a variety of meat cuts and marinades, rice bimibap and assorted dishes like Kim chee and what have you.  They also brought out fresh oysters as well as steamed mushrooms.  Again, everything was super fresh and absolutely delicious!  Highly recommended!
1101	0	I was a big fan of Noodles when it first opened so I made it a point to come back this weekend and try it again.  Maybe I'm spoiled from all the noodles I've tried since that first time or maybe I have learned enough in my dining adventures to determine what is good and what is bad.  In the end it was like a bad relationship. The problem wasn't that I changed the problem was just them.  The place was busy as most places were the weekend of the Pacquiao fight. We both ordered the beef brisket noodle soup and an order of shrimp dumplings. My friend who enjoyed most of the dumplings said they were ok but nothing to rave over. We both agreed the broth of the soup was too rich. Even with the addition of salt, pepper, and hot sauce we couldn't cut the richness of the soup.  I hoped that the noodles would save the dish but they were bland and flavorless. They seemed to be overcooked as it didn't compliment the broth at all.  The brisket came in really large pieces that were too tough for a soup so they had to be broken up by fork and knife.  The bok choy was probably the best compliment to the soup.  Service was like a stereo Chinese restaurant.  We couldn't understand our waitress and had a tough time flagging her down. We tried to get assistance from bus people but they refused always stating we had to go to the our waitress for everything. Look I don't mind keeping the place traditional but it's Vegas good service is expected as the prices we pay demand it. Especially if the food is overpriced.   In the end like the relationship I mentioned before it was like returning to an old girlfriend for me. You realize why you haven't gone back in a while. It was a nice attempt at re-kindling a memory of a great meal from my past but as time would have it people change and so do restaurants.
945	1	Yummy! If you are going for breakfast get there early like opening time early or else you will have to wait. But the portions are so big that waiting helps the hunger which helps you eat more of your dish. I've tried the brown sugar banana pancake and it was the biggest prettiest pancake i've ever seen. I love that they have tangerine juice. My mom tried Andy's sage fried chicken and it was awesome! I have also tried their bacon waffle and i'm a fan. There are so many good items on the menu, so if it looks good try it. I recommend the kiwi watermelon lemonade!
1174	0	Pricey and not worth it. I guess I'm spoiled by the Wynn Buffet setup is a mess and i had to ask for replenishments cuz they were out of croutons and nacho cheese. this place is cluttered and the buffet areas are tight. the staff is hit or miss. will probably never return. the only highlight was buy one get one free for staying at MGM.
1152	0	I've heard a lot of good things about this but I wasn't impressed. I went during lunch to the outdoor portion. I think the food was overpriced. I think I paid 11 bucks for just an average salad. They have outdoor seating but there was bird poop on all the seats and the birds fly everywhere while you eat. I'd still like to try the frozen hot chocolate, but other than that I don't plan on going back.
992	1	We absolutely ADORED this place! Everything was delicious. There was no wait & our server was on top of her game. We had a party of 5 & enjoyed corned beef hash, tostada bowl, omelettes, French toast & a few carafes of coffee. Their muffins are hot, moist and delicious & their salsa is amazing! I'm not sure what they do their potatoes, but best we ever had! Such a gem! We will be back as soon as we touch down in Vegas again.
1156	1	Yummmm! Food portion is great! I usually eat all of my food, but needed a to go box. I got the chicken mushroom and spinach skillet and it was delish! Hubby got the sunrise and he loved it so much, he wouldnt give me a bit. And he had leftovers. Oscar waa great and attentive. Will definitely come back when we're in town again.
1559	0	Extraordinarily disappointing. Burger patty was dry and overdone, but bacon was cold and cheese not melted somehow. Fries were underdone, with cold dry potato in the middle of the wedge. The $7 milkshake will not be getting any praise from Vincent Vega. At $35/person, it's steakhouse prices in highchair googie decor. Service was friendly, but slow, though they were good about refilling water. The brioche was very tasty; I wish the burger lived up to it.
1043	0	I stayed in the Mediterranean Tower on a Thursday until Sunday at The Riveria. There wasn't a refrigerator in our room, the room didn't come stocked with all of the essentials for travel, the TV service in the room is lacking (HDTV with no HD and lousy low def lodgenet service), and we had two rooms we had booked to be next to each other, but they were not able to make this happen. However, the casino is very nice and the staff is very friendly, and there's a nice pool and a tattoo shop along with other shops. Just take note that the Mediterranean Tower is inexpensive, so expect to be a bit underwhelmed. The one thing that made my 3 star rating a 2 star was the unavailability of WiFi, which is crucial for someone like me. The WiFi was working great on our first night's visit, but then the WiFi network dropped off early the next day on my and my friend's devices, and I was unable to log on with my laptop computer. Certainly the hotel can provide better coverage, especially for someone who might have to remotely connect into work in the case of an urgent matter, and it would have also been nice to play music on too. Of course I was in an inexpensive part of the hotel, but I wouldn't stay at a hotel that didn't have reliable WiFi. I called the front desk to complain and they thanked me for reporting it, but unfortunately we were unable to get back on the WiFi network in my and my friend's room, and we were a good distance apart. I hate to say it, but I don't think I would stay at this hotel unless I was given a free night's stay in a better room with WiFi that will continue to work. Here's hoping they give me a chance to formulate a second opinion. ;-)
195	0	Service sucked we came here two nights in a row after going out so it was prob close to 4 am.  We were the only people eating there both nights on a Sunday and Monday and our food took forever everyone who worked there was rude.  We only went again on Monday because it was the only thing open at Planet Hollywood and didn't feel like searching anywhere else out!  Food was ok when your super tired and hungry but we were so annoyed by the staff it wasn't worth it.  Def don't go!
304	1	This is probably the best Thai food I have ever had.  The menu is extensive, and I do not think you can go wrong with whatever you order.  I will share my favorites though:  * Tom Yum Kai Soup: a little sour, a little spicy, but a lot of flavor * Crispy Duck with Mint and Chili: very crispy duck skin flavored with just the right amount of spice * Drunken Noodles with Soft Shell Crab: I am not sure why this is called drunken noodles, but it did not make me drunk. * Nua Yang Panang (Charbroiled beef with Thai red curry and cognac): This did make me a little drunk...
536	1	FOIE GRAS FOR A CALIFORNIAN  Anyone who's read my profile knows my love for foie gras. Because of the California ban on foie gras it is very difficult get this delicacy. After the ban the last time I had foie gras was when Psycho Donuts in San Jose were giving free foie gras donuts. Yesterday on my last night at Vegas I came here for dinner. There were two items I had in mind: 1) Hudson Valley Foie Gras 2) Beef Wellington. I waited in anticipation for both items. The first dish was the foie gras. When I took a bite of this foie gras it reminded me when I last had foie gras at a California restaurant after the ban - it was at Boulevard in San Francisco. I took my time eating this foie gras. I cut the foie gras into thin slices. I placed the thin slices of foie gras with the bite sizes of pumpkin waffle. This provided a typical contrast of savory and sweet texture. I treated this foie gras dish as if it was the main dish. The main dish the Beef Wellington takes about 45 minutes to cook. I never had Beef Wellington before and it was worth the wait. The pastry had that golden crust. The beef was cooked perfectly medium rare. Some people think a steak that is medium rare is too red. I never understood some people's fascination of a well done steak. For the amount of money you pay for a great quality steak why destroy the quality of the meat. What I love about the Beef Wellington that it's only cooked one way - medium rare only. Chef Ramsay is making the statement that customers have to adjust to him and not the other way around. The customer is not always right. Overall having dinner at Gordon Ramsay Steak with a chance to have foie gras was great way to have dinner on my last night in Vegas.
847	1	Love love loved it!!!!  When I found out we were going to Vegas I KNEW this was the first place I'd hit up... Yes we are DDD groupies and we were not deceived!!!!!!!  We arrived around 1pm on a Thursday - there wasn't a wait!!!!!  Our server was so hospitable - he was polite, attentive, and really seemed to enjoy his job... his cheerfulness actually made me a little happier... He gave us recommendations (even though Guy Fieri already showed me (Kalbi) what I was getting, my BF took the server up on his recommendation (Miyagi San) and wasn't disappointed)!  Like the true fat asses we are, we started with the oxtail chili cheese fries with extra chili aioli on the side - SOOOOO GOOD... The runny egg yolk dispersing over the tender meat, jalapeos, and crispy fries... #heaven! Our burgers were cooked perfectly - medium well, as requested! I love all Asian food - Asian anything makes me happpppppy... so my Kalbi marinated burger with kimchi, HIT THE SPOT... I could eat it weekly and not get sick of it!!!  We finished off with the Portuguese donuts - I wasn't impressed... Mainly Bcuz the donuts were raw on the inside... but I was too stuffed to complain.  Overall this was a great experience (sans donuts)...
654	1	Egg & I is a super-cute local breakfast joint away from the strip. It gets SO crowded and busy on the strip for breakfast/brunch whenever I've visited, and it makes people even hungrier and grumpier while waiting. My advice? Take a cab or drive over to this place for a REALLY tasty meal.  My group and I of five people waited about 10 minutes for a table. Once seated, we were serviced immediately. Food only took about 10 minutes to be ready, and the staff were very attentive and worked together to address our table's needs. They have a little egg sign that you can flip to the sad-face yellow side, which indicates that you're in need of something. We did this a couple times to test it out, and it worked! Lightning fast.  Great food, great service. I recommend the Biscuits and Gravy! The Ranch Potatoes (their regular side of potatoes) are very flavorful and filling. A must have. Oh, and their Banana Nut Muffin was soooo sweet and moist!  I just may be back when I'm in town. If I can get outta bed next time after a long night, that is. Tehe.
1469	0	One of the worst Vegas hotels I have been to. Needs to be badly remodeled. Very uncomfortable beds. Mediocre costumer service. The only positive thing I have to say about them is that they did not create a fight when I check out earlier and demanded a refund for the night that was not stayed. Although, it was through hotels.com. Will never return here!
1878	1	ok hubby was craving burger so I yelp but that morning I was watching TV and they were talking about this place so perfect, the wait is long but of course if bar available you go ahead, the prizes might scared you the most expensive burger is $60, hubby order the Hubert ke that one is $22, I order a caramel latte so good $9.25,and I order the vegas vegan it was big but good also the salad the wedge so good only thing is that I don't like blue cheese but hubby said that it taste better with it. so if you want to eat burget it here just remember is $$$$$
608	1	First time eating here.  4 of us had 4 different items based off of our server, Patrick's,  recommendation.  Every item was unbelievable!  Patrick was very helpful ,courteous, and attentive to our needs.  Great experience and wonderful service!  We will be back.
302	1	THE HYPE WAS REALLY REALLY HIGH when 15 of my friends came here.  Being CA natives, nothing has ever topped in n out. We got all sorts of burgers, fries, shakes, and beers.   In summary: it definitely lived up to the hype. This is going to be a very very successful chain of they keep it up!! Can't believe I am saying this, but I'd rather go here than In n Out .
268	0	went here for a "good " breakfast. I ordered the chicken fried steak. yeah...my "steak" was ground beef cooked in a ton of oil. the potatoes are packaged not fresh prepared. the sausage was pre frozen and pre cooked. I really doubt the fresh made "buttermilk" biscuits were fresh nor buttermilk. sorely dissapointed especially for the price. asked for a discount for the "steak". they took 7 bucks off so thats good but dang it...how do you make a bad breakfast!???
1733	0	I've had way better buffets in Vegas, and this was definitely not one I'd go back to. Let's start with the positives: the buffet was clean, circling around the tables in the eating area, and separated into a large variety of different cuisines. The prime rib and pastas were mediocre, and the gelato was yummy. That was about as far as the positives went. The bread (or is it?) was hard and crumbled into flakes when I took a bite. The sushi (or their attempt at one) was hard, so it was futile to even use a fork to pick it up. Our server was inattentive and seemed annoyed when we had to ask for drink refills. Now I know the lines outside better buffets are there for a reason; there was no line at Cravings and the tables were mostly empty on the Friday evening we went.
60	1	Great environment. The wait wasn't too bad Friday morning. They are very attentive. Got the enchilada omelet and really liked it. What I liked more was the potatoes. Seasoning was amazing on the potatoes. The banana muffin you get for free is surprisingly good too.
177	0	I came here for lunch the day after my 21st and don't remember it being as spectacular as others have described. I do remember the line stretching out to Circus Circus and the variety of food being underwhelming. Definitely beats Hometown Buffet but for $20+ at lunchtime, they aren't the greatest deal on the strip, either. The quality of food seemed a notch above some others on the strip but it is definitely a bit overpriced considering the lack of variety. I would rather eat at Pharaoh's Pheast.
552	0	We stopped in for a quick dessert and cup of coffee and it was anything but quick. The staff was not very friendly and the wait was simply unacceptable. 20 minutes for a piece of mediocre chocolate cake. I am willing to wait in a long line and pay extra for good service and great food, but not this. Don't waste your time and money!
813	0	I wish I can give zero star if I can. The cashier & staffs were so rude, no willing to work there. The male manager who were working at when we were there, he wasn't willing to listen my complaint.   Here is the story.   I just came here at buffet and i spoke to one of their lady to ask how busy and what's their holiday pricing (usually pricing is different during the holiday). She seemed nice and she said 28.99 + tax. So I didn't buy the discount coupon from tix4tonight. And then I came here and they said pricing is 36.99. And they blamed me that I should remember the lady's name. Do you usually remember the person's name even if you want to ask the general question? Such Hours and pricing? If the manager knows how to treat customers, or manage his employees, they should give us the rate that she mentioned. I wasnt happy that he treated me and my family like this.
1501	0	Food was so bad my daughter threw up and we all have the runs, the chicken served was more than just pink, not only that but it was ALL very blan. I have had MUCH better... So don't believe all the hype, and so not worth the 1 1/2 hour wait..... This place should be called the stable, because all of the mess and pigs that go there and eat the slop. It was very uncomfortable sitting under the bright lights and witness the mess.... What a disappointment !!!!!!
676	0	First time here in 5 years or so, came for my 71th birthday, from Banning.  Long way to go for so much dissapointment.  I've been coming here since the mid sixties as distance, work  and time would allow.  Glory years of living in Hollywood found me there quite a bit.  Today I tasted the new hot dog, did not like it, different spicing and poorer quality than they used to serve.  Had chili dogs and fries around noon, now 7 pm and am still dehydrated as hell.  MSG in the fries, dog itself??? What gives?    Used to be a destination trip of 200 miles round trip, not any more.  Sorry Pink's, but you are not what you used to be.  Wondered why the line was shorter, now I knowi.
1093	1	This place is AWESOME! We ALWAYS come here when we visit Vegas! I always get the same burger (the Hangover Burger, which, I describe as a 'higher-end IN-N-OUT Burger). I also LOVE the salted caramel martini!   The service is ALWAYS excellent and they are always friendly!   I really can't say enough good things about this place. It's definitely worth a visit!
186	1	Yum!! I go to Vegas a lot for business and am always stuck in the hotels and convention centers. I look forward to the Burger Bar and always have a pleasant experience! The best thing there? The zucchini fries! The best sandwich? The salmon 'burger' on ciabatta, with sauted portobello mushrooms and spinach. Actually heavenly. I can't wait to go back!!!
1938	1	Brunch at Bouchon is wonderful.   The coffee is delicious. It was pressed perfectly. Or however it was prepared, it was great. The coffee is very smooth and not overpowering. I didn't add any sugar or cream to it tasted just fine without it.   The food is also delectable. Even though it is a small brunch menu, I wanted to order everything. I ordered one of the brunch specials that day- an egg omelet with spinach, tomatoes and cheese. Sides of sausage and toast. It was yum-tastic. I had a taste of the Chicken and Waffles and was slightly disappointed. The roasted chicken was good, but the waffle was a little dry.    I'm so happy there are two other locations in California =)
115	1	I'm not all that crazy about spending $13-$20 on a burger, however, with that said, this place had a pretty darn good burger.  I got the buffalo burger and it was awesome.  I'd still rather go to the Apple Pan in Los Angeles, but this place is definitely up there. I was especially happy with the hostess.  There was a 40 minute wait when we got there.  We didn't want to wait so our party sat and ordered at a few open seats the bar had.  We saw a few tables open up about 10 minutes later and no one sat at those tables.  I asked the hostess if we could sit there and she initially told me that if we had already ordered at the bar we had to stay and eat there..house rules.  She then went to talk to her manager and in a few minutes we were in a booth.  what more can I say than...Niiiiiice!
1902	0	Would not come back to this buffet again. When deciding to eat at this buffet, we figured that it would more or less be on par with other casino buffets around the same price. I really do not think that's the case anymore. The dinner wait time alone lasted for over an hour, and even the sheer hunger that derives from standing in line couldn't make the food taste much better.
1702	1	Delicious, off the wall breakfasts in HUGE portions, make this a place to check out. To give you an idea of what I mean by "off the wall", how about a 24oz. can of Budweiser served in a brown paper bag? Yep, it's on the menu. The Bloody Mary's are huge & tasty. Just a fun place to take people for breakfast. But be ready to wait, this place is ALWAYS poppin'!
149	0	I had a bad experience, although the hotel itself is not bad.  I was feeling ill during my stay (I was pregnant and didn't know it), and had been doubled over in bed with my iPod to comfort me.  I left the iPod in the sheets unknowingly, and when we checked out, I must have left it there.  Later that day, I called the LVH reporting I had most certainly left my iPod in the room (it has never been found in our possession since).  They sent someone up to look for it, but it was nowhere to be found, and housekeeping had already been through there.  It had not been turned in by housekeeping.  I don't know how many hotels hold housekeeping accountable, but they were never able to find out who took it.  Some housekeeping person has a very nice gift now.    Bummer.  As for the hotel, we find it to be a good deal, so we stay there occasionally.  It has decent restaurants and lively hallways.  The rooms are clean and attractive enough.  It's too bad they don't have a way of finding out who cleaned certain rooms to determine which of their staff are thieves.  Not sure how many hotels are able to do this anyways.  The experience was enough to make me not want to stay there next time.
398	0	This weekend was my first time in Vegas- came with a friend here on business, so his company covered the room. He was working at the conference center, hence the hotel choice. He drove in from LA and was much later than my flight, and the hotel was nice enough to be able to transfer the prepaid room into my name so that I could check in.   We were on the 24th floor with resort club privileges- not sure what to compare this to, because the room was pretty generic. We got a letter listing our resort level benefits, including lounge access on our floor to have a light breakfast, snacks, and wine/cheese social in the evenings, which was a nice touch. Also included free fitness center access, which I'd researched upon arriving and balked about the $20/day access fee- which is insane considering what is actually available. It's essentially a room of weight machines, some treadmills, and three outdated ellipticals. I was surprised. Used it for what I needed and left, but nothing there was worth even half of that access fee for the weekend, let alone the day. Room came with printer-- but I am still waiting, an hour and a half later, for someone to bring me the cord to actually USE it. Housekeeping says they're still looking for it and to go to the business center instead. Will do, but not thrilled about it. Also, my partner was a little annoyed not to get the slippers/robe listed among our amenities.   I'm not a casino fan, so I didn't evaluate that, but the giant sports screen at the Superbook was pretty cool. Didn't want to do the buffet, so went to Paradise Cafe instead on my first night alone. Date and I did the sushi bar inside of Bennihana's the following night.  Having access to the monorail was a plus.  All in all, aside from the printer cable situation and fitness center access fees, it was fine. But just fine. Expectations were a little higher.
962	0	I spent years driving by wanting to try it. Last October I went for my birthday and I was super disappointed. White chocolate frozen hot choco was too sweet and the carrot cake sundae was mediocre. I went again last night in hopes that they were just having a bad night when I went the first time. But I was let down again. The chocolate blackout cake sundae was overwhelmingly sweet once again with no depth to the flavors what so ever. I would have gotten the same effect if I made my own at home with Hershey's chocolate sauce. When I am charged over $20 for cake and ice cream, I expect it to be pretty outstanding which Serendipity 3 just can't seem to do.
1524	0	I DID NOT Love "love burger" like I should have... Where to start.. Service took forever. Food was dry and boring. (Yes food was boring) nothing really stood out about this place. I was honestly looking for a nice small meal, but came across the wrong place.   Service: We were seated quickly, however we sat there looking at the wall, customers, servers talking to each other waiting to have our order taken.. Took about a good 30 minutes for us to actually make an order.  Food: I ordered the original burger. The patty was so dry I felt like I was eating cardboard. The massive amounts of ketchup did not help. I didn't even finish half of it..   Overall: There's nothing great about this place except for possibly the name... Yup..
471	0	For those who wanna try the noodles here, the sauce is good, above the average, but sadly the noodle worth only one star, it claims that it was hand pulled noodles, but it's not, or pulled by a bad chef, too soft, maybe I will consider it when I am 120 years old.
1400	0	I gave Aria hotel a 5 star review for being fabulous, so it makes me sad to give its buffet 2 stars. The food was just awful and tasted like it came straight from an elementary school's cafeteria. There was nothing I enjoyed except for the decor and cool multi-color lights, and believe me I tried about 90% of the food. The crab legs were so salty I did not even need butter, and the consistency was almost like that of imitation crab meat.   To add salt to the wound, there wasn't even bottomless mimosas added to the $30 per person charge. Tisk tisk. Don't buffet managers know that in order for customers to eat crappy food, they need to be a little intoxicated?
21	1	Im in love. The food here was so delicious. So many things to try. I recomend the sukiyaki noodles and the spicy chicken with lemon sauce. For dessert tey the honey bread. Its so fen good. A bit pricey but its worth it. The staff is so friendly, so nice. A must try if your craving korean bbq.
1633	0	I haven't been south of TI in the longest time, but I ended up staying at Riviera due to a last minute mix up at the Palazzo *cries*.   First and foremost, the door of our suite did not lock. HUGE no no. We requested to have it fixed, but by the end of our stay, our room was STILL open for anyone! What the heck!  The valet service and check in was mediocre, but I could tell that they were super backed up. I think they have a staffing issue at Riviera. Maybe it's time to call a hospitality consulting company? Gotta keep up with all the new hotels on the strip!  In general, everything was decently clean, but just for the lock service (or lack there of), I think I'm going to have to give this a one. :(
1800	1	If God owned a Thai restaurant, it'd serve food just like this.  Don't be fooled by the location.  It's in a run-down strip mall next to a wig outlet (seriously), but the food is unbelievable.  Their menu is huge, so I can't even begin to give a comprehensive review, but everything I've had ranged from very good to phenomenal.  It has a reputation for being the best Thai restaurant in North America.  I'd suggest not going in with that expectation, as it's setting the bar pretty damn high, but Lotus of Siam is definitely an excellent dinner spot.  They also have a lunch buffet that I thought was a good meal, but a step down from dinner on the quality meter.  One specific recommendation: the spicy chicken wings make a great appetizer.
595	1	This place is pretty cool and pretty delicious.  It reminds me of some of my favorite restaurants in San Diego -- delicious twists on your everyday food (philly cheese steak spring rolls and truffle lobster mac n cheese?!?) and of course a huge beer selection.  Despite the huge temptation that the appetizer menu drew, I'd picked this place with burgers in mind and so I stuck with burgers and wasn't disappointed.  The Gold Standard Burger (beef sirloin, bacon, goat cheese, tomato confit, arugula & garlic-chive aioli) was excellent and cooked to medium perfection.  I payed a bit extra to have sweet potato fries instead of the shoestring, and though they were tasty I preferred the shoe string that I got to try off my boyfriends' plate.  The burger in addition to being a hefty portion was also flavorful in every way.  I was HUGELY satisfied.  Also tried the yummy artichoke guacamole (served with fresh made pita chips).  The atmosphere is kind of urban/trendy with fun, bright colored paintings on the walls.  The wait wasn't long on a Sunday afternoon (no one ahead of our large party, we just had to wait until the staff got a table together).  We had a hot waitress and plenty of other people walking around to bus tables and refill drinks and waters.  The whole experience was worth five stars and I can't wait to go back to Vegas and eat here again.
208	1	The best burger I have eaten in my life at Gordon Ramsey's BurGR. Besides very simple, but quiet amazing menu, everything in this restaurant was done right, from the amazing dessert shakes to waitstaff uniforms. Simple, tastefully stylish and delicious. Gordon is not only a top chef, but a smart businessman. Thumbs up!
1551	1	This place is by far the best place for breakfast that I have ever come across. I haven't had the pleasure to try anything but breakfast but I will. They have the best biscuits and gravy I've had in a long time and I look forward to trying new things to eat, Hash House A Go Go is the best !!!
1414	0	We came in for lunch and sat at the area next to the bar. No one greeted us or told us where to sit when we came in. The bartender or server (some Asian guy with an attitude) who thinks he is cooler than us because he works at hooters, had an attitude taking our order. While waiting for our food he didn't even ask us what we wanted to drink. We were thirsty as hell!! It's Vegas at 102 degrees outside. WE ARE THIRSTY!! So my husband had to hunt him down, as if he was busy. He only had 4 people in one party sitting at the bar. My husband got a couple of beers for us and before we even had a chance to finish our beers he came to our table and told us we need to pay now because it is time for him to go home! Seriously guy!! You should have gone home a long time ago with that stank attitude. Wings were ok, but the place has horrible customer service and it is very dirty and smelly! YUCK, never again.
1413	1	More than a review this a request or better yet a plead, dear Bachi owner please open a Bachi restaurant in Portland, it has been more than 6 months since I moved from Las Vegas and I can not find a decent burger that vaguely resembles the taste of the Ronin, the Kiki, or the Miyagi San, I truly believe that Bachi had ruined any burger I may try, because all the time me an my family are comparing it to your Burgers!  Hoping to see Bachi around in Portland! otherwise I may need to seriously consider becoming a VEGETARIAN...
767	0	Hate to give it one star, but it truly deserves it.  I am accustomed to coming to Vegas and eating pretty decently, even on the cheap.  I was so sad that this place disappointed me so much especially being in Planet Hollywood.  First thing first, someone in our party tore a muscle in his leg the night before and was in a wheelchair.  The hostess asked him if he was drunk.  We were all so offended, he just wanted to eat.  Feed the man.  We come to the table and we aren't too sure who our server is because no one really introduced themselves.  First, a girl comes with water and spills all three waters, some of it landing on me.  Ice and lemons are all over the carpeted floor and they leave it there!  A gentleman takes our orders and comes back because he didn't write down our order and had to clarify.  I ordered the Corned Beef Hash and it was not a good idea.    Overall, bad experience and will not be back.
985	0	You're definitely getting what you pay for here, so it wouldn't make sense to give this place 1 star. I'll just say it's basically a Motel 6 with some wood paneling, and a homeless guy kept knocking on my door to chat with me. Oh yeah, and the waitress totally forgot about us.
1508	0	If you want deal with a staff who is super hospitable and accommodating but want a room that smells of sweat, weed, and sadness then this is perfect. Our room was "non-smoking" but someone made a filter out of a plastic bag and put it over the smoke detector so they could hot box it. I loved the view outside the hotel but at night the holes in the curtains from critters let the Vegas strip bright lights through to make your room a customized planetarium. Our tub was brown and it would clog every time you would shower. The room decor looked like they found a LOWES going out of business and took all the 2x4 boards and lined the ceiling and made outdated headboards which are great for slamming hookers against. Our safe didn't work but got fixed. I also while taking a nap found a piece of glass in my sheets. I'm praying it's a broken piece of a cocktail glass and not a crack pipe. The water filter behind the ice machine looked like it was last changed when the Dallas Cowboys won a super bowl. The carpets smelled like sweat and were moldy. The restaurant was the best part. Food was hooters food and was done well for what they do. The bar staff was really nice. Overall the hotel was super sketch. If you want to go for an experience and a good story then it's a 10/10. Otherwise pick somewhere else. It always could be worse. I want to reiterate the staff was awesome and a pleasure to deal with.
404	0	Half of everything was ok, the other half more on the so so side.   We arrived at 10:45 which was between the lunch and breakfast time.    They had a line forming with no one to explain that they would not be seating anyone until 11:00.   That was a bit of a turn off.    Also, a crepe bar where the woman has never heard of a crepe suzette???   The service was ok.
592	1	Came here on the hype.  Definitely a good choice for breakfast.  Portions were massive!!!! Went with the chicken and waffles. It was delicious. Fried chicken and bacon filled waffles with fried leek.  I also tried Andy's sage chicken eggs benedict. It had a nice flavor to it. Service was good too.  They were friendly and catering. I do recommend this spot.
396	1	When in Vegas....  There are so many places to get a good burger, but a great burger AND a shake?! Yeah, Holsteins Shakes & Buns at the Cosmopolitan is the spot. Located on the second floor right off the escalators, look for the cutest cows. The decor at Holsteins is really eye-catching and cute. According to one of the servers, they just changed the artwork last week. (Check some out, I took photos.) There's a bar in the front and the restaurant is located towards the back.   Right after you are seated, you are treated to delish popcorn with cajun seasoning. Seriously, nom nom nom....I could've eaten it all and then some. But, I knew I had to save room for my shake and burger. Hubby and I decided to share a shake and a burger since we didn't want to be stuck with leftovers. That was a good choice because for $9, you get a quality size shake and the extras (that don't fit in the cup). We ordered a vanilla shake that just might have been the most delish shake I've ever had. It was topped with a lot of whipped cream and these tiny pearl balls that were so yummy. We decided on the FUN-ghi burger ($17) which is a beef patty topped with forest mushrooms, caramelized onions, gruyere cheese, frisee, and truffle mayo. Every burger comes with fries and they were yummy! The burger was juicy, messy, and flavorful - but not sure it was worth the $17. (I figured it was hotel food so, hence, the jacked up price.)  Overall, service, atmosphere, and the food were awesome. I would give this place 4 and a half stars, but rounded it up for Yelp purposes. (Gotta take into consideration that it's a food place in a fancy hotel and on the Strip, so you know you are gonna have to pay a premium for food.) In any case, if you've already checked out Wicked Spoon and Secret Pizza at the Cosmo, Holsteins is your next best choice. More popcorn, please!
554	0	BED BUGS This place has BED BUGS. I was in room 4826 and there were bed bugs. I got bit and they were in my hair. They moved me to a new hotel room, but did not refund my cost of staying there, and I am STILL trying to get compensated for my dry cleaning, loss of luggage and personal items, plus measures to keep contamination from coming to my house. Then they had the audacity to tell me that they inspected the room and found it not active.   This was after their security guy took away a few bugs in a jar that I had found, after I took photos of the bites, and filled out a "report" which was actually a comment card. I've been getting the  run around from security and risk management since January 22nd. Their staff is rude and basically lied to me about this room being "non active".   Don't stay here! If you get even one bug in your luggage and take it home, it can grow into an infestation that will cost thousands to get rid of! You'll have to heat treat your home, use bug dogs, vapor strips, mattress encasements, it will put you out for their negligence! I lost my luggage, comb, a pair of shoes, etc. and am out costs because this crappy hotel is unwilling to fess up to their dirtiness!   I've given the Riviera up until now to deal with this problem and be honest, but they refuse, so I am going to post pix here!
1730	1	boyfriends family took us to dinner here since we were in town and we are sooooo obsessed! We are already planning to go back when in town again!!   We started with the oxtail chili cheese fries, truffle fries and onion rings! OMG! delicious! I swear the best truffle fries I have ever had cause they glazed the top with the oil too!   I had the Kalbi burger and the fam had the miso, black and green, and the bahn mi burger my burger was korean bbq goodness, with the kimchi and everything! A must try! I had a bite of all the burgers on the table and was not disappointed. Ended with the lava cake for dessert and that also was delish! order it when you order the burgers as it take about 20-25 min to make =)  definitely cannot wait to try the other locations (since they have different menus)   Loveee this place!
328	0	Absolutely disgusting! I'm currently in my room at 1:30am on the Saturday of Labor Day weekend and I can't sleep because of all the noise above my room!! I don't know is there some sort of walkway above, but there's constant rumbling of foot traffic every 15-20 seconds. The reason I'm here for one night is because I'm here for 5 days but my regular hotel was sold out on Sat so I booked a room here because it's a holiday weekend and I couldn't find anything else. Thank God I'll be checking out in the morning and spending the next 4 days in a nice hotel.  This place is absolutely filthy and it stinks!! There is what seems to be blood stains on the wall next to the bed. There are stains on the ceiling?!! The fire alarm has holes in it and quite honestly, it doesn't even have the occasional light blink indicating that is operational LOL the carpet? Don't even get me started. The thermostat on the wall wasn't working and I kid you not, I had to bang on it a few times for it to fire up. Talk about ghetto. Oh, and I forgot the tons of shady people around.   This is probably the dirtiest room I've ever stayed in. The sad thing is, online they list a $14.99 "resort" fee. This is a resort??? The room doesn't even have a refrigerator?! I called the front desk to inquire about that and asked what sort of amenities did they provide to consider themselves a "resort". The answer I got was, "it's not a resort fee, it's a cleaning fee" LOL Since when does a hotel charge a "cleaning" fee? Isn't the room cleaning always a part of it? I travel all over the creation, a lot, and I've never had a "cleaning" fee tacked on to any if my stays anywhere, ever!   Please do not let the positive reviews on here sway you to book a room. I promise you that you will be disgusted and it will be a waste of your money! Believe me. The audacity of this hotel to charge over $100 for a rundown piece of garbage of a room! This is Las Vegas and even the $60 rooms in downtown absolutely blow this "hotel" away. This is LV and Palace Station definitely needs to get with the program! The rooms are so dated and filthy that I wonder how this place is staying afloat in the plethora of hotels that is Las Vegas.
1460	1	Delicious food, the reviews are no lie! Came here for brunch while passing through Vegas on a cross-country road trip. Tried the:  1) Crazy Chicken Omelette: very good! The chicken was tender, there was a good ratio of guacamole and mushrooms, and the omelette was smothered in cheese and sour cream. Ranch potatoes on the side were fantastic, as expected. 2) Sausage gravy + sausage patty: a little on the salty side, but I thought it had a good balance of chunkiness and creaminess. I'm a bit of a sausage gravy aficionado (haha) though, so it may be that my standards are oddly high. 3) Banana Nut Muffin: needs it's own category, even if it's a side! Delicious delicious. Moist and warm, not too sweet.  I would come back! The service was great too. Even though we came right at brunch time and the place was packed, there was only a 5 min wait for two.
15	1	Since it's opening, it has become a must-do whenever we are in Vegas. Have tried 3 different burgers, all were amazing. Love the curry and chipotle katsups that come with the thick cut fries. Tried a shake for the first time on our last visit. It tasted delicious, but the pudding on top was an unexpected surprise. Expect a long wait at regular meal times. I always grab a pen at the end-- one more touch I love (twice our waitress brought more pens for us)
873	1	Incredible...got the gagnam for two people. This included an insane amount of incredible food. The meats are cut perfectly and in a way that people afraid of grilling wont mess it up. All of the sides are awesome and the bibimbop is great. The value and quality of this plsce are some of the best in Vegas.
285	1	Holy Burger!! This place rocks!!! Wanted something off the strip so we didn't have to pay 25 for a burger and found this little gem...  Delicious burgers ranging from 10-18 a burger, plus 2-6 for fries... Not bad in my opinion.  Came here twice in a period of 5 days and each time was unbelievable...   Some of the best burgers I've ever had in my life..  Note to owners: please open this restaurant in the La Quinta, CA area!!! We need a burger place like this!!
699	0	This place was just bad. Stayed at the hotel and tried using their $20 off coupon featured in their booklet only to find out after waiting 30+ minutes in line that the coupon is only accepted if you buy the whole day meal deal so having waited so long I bit the bullet and still went with it. Big mistake on my part. Over scrambled eggs, rubbery pancakes,  dry waffles, bland sausages. Maybe I picked the wrong things but just seemed all over poor quality for a meal that's usually hard to mess up. Even the chocolate milk tasted off (how do you mess up chocolate milk!!) would recommend looking up better places.
455	0	I've heard good things about this place, besides for the long lines of course, so I thought I would give it a try. My BF was there earlier and waited in line so I was lucky I didn't have to wait that long. We came on a Friday night around 6 and the place was super packed already. It took us about 15 minutes before we were actually seated. Dinner was $11.30 Monday-Friday and $12 over the weekend. Drinks are an additional $2.  As for the food...they have a... Salad bar:  Salad bar was okay. Nothing special about it. You can create your own salad with any topping you could think of or they have a pre-made ceaser salad. They also had 2 different types of soup that day, chicken noodle and chili. They also had your typical potato salad/mac salad/ and stuff like that so nothing really stood out about their salad bar.  Mexican/American/Italian/Asian food: they had a variety of different types of food, but none of them were too my liking. I'm not a picky eater. I'll try everything once, but the food was just...boring to me. They had your typical orange chicken, kung pao something, quesadilla, onion rings, pasta, fried chicken, pizza, fried shrimp, and more.  Grill area: around the grill area they had toast, fried/popcorn shrimp, stuffing and of course the steak. My BF got a steak on his first plate and it was cooked just how he wanted (medium rare) and it wasn't dry at all. He liked it so he got another one and that one came out super dry that he couldn't finish it. But the steak in my opinion wasn't that good. It didn't have any flavor on it at all.  Desserts: they had pies, cakes, the chocolate fountain, cotton candy, and ice cream. None of those things really stood out to me either. I had to get a marshmallow covered in chocolate though, but the strawberries were so tiny and didn't look appetizing at all. Ice cream of course is always good and I've never seen a buffet with rainbow sherbet so that made me happy. And take the cotton candy before you leave!  Service: It was good actually. Better than most buffets I've gone to. Plates were taken away pretty quickly and drinks were refilled when we barely drank half of the cup. Seeing how crowded the place was, I was pretty surprise with the service.
561	0	Never have I been so dissatisfied with a dining establishment. The only thing more awful than the food, was my server, Lucy. We waited for 30 minutes to be sat (which I was fine with), THEN we waited about 45 minutes for tacos that tasted like they we're fresh  out of the microwave.  Twice, I had to get up to find my server so I could order drinks & both times she seemed like she was bothered. (Do your job girl, then your customers won't have to). I am usually not a tough critic when it comes to resteraunts, or service but senior frogs deserves ZERO stars. The only reason I am even giving them one star is because there is a nice view of the strip outside. Five thumbs down for seor frogs.
1972	0	First time at restaurant and got a deal for dinner on Groupon for $65.00. I made reservations for 7:15. We got to the restaurant at 7:05 checked in with the front and they told me it would be about 10 minutes. No problem we went and walked out in front entrance for there was no seating inside but stood by the entrance. We had been waiting for about 15 minutes and walked back to check if they had our table. The front desk asked me for my name again and said have a seat. About another 15 min go by and they finally called our name and the host had told me they called my name already and another guest had taken our reservation and was seated. No big deal it happens. We waited almost 10 minutes for a server to come to our table. He just took our drink order and walked away. We sat there not knowing what to do here and how it worked. He finally came back after a long time had passed with our drinks and explained what we were to do. Salad bar was very delicious but I was not too happy about the meat carvers. We only had 4 to 5 different carvers to table and 2 was the same meat. We has one serving of shrimp/salmon and one serving of pineapple. We were there for an hour and a half from time of checking in and eating. I would never pay full price for this place for customer service is terrible. The salmon was absolutely terrible. I would never recommend this place to anyone.
1626	1	Lots of food and of great quality too. Staff was very kind and polite as well as informative. We came in a big group and ordered the meat lover special. They give you all of your food at once so you don't have to keep asking where your stuff is. The sides were especially good compared to other bbq places I've been. Meat was top notch. Overall a great experience! Definitely recommend!
1222	1	Every time we go to Vegas, we must must must come to Bouchons. It is now tradition. We still have not made it in for brunch which I hear is fabulous but we have been here for dinner many times. Each time we are here, the staff is friendly, attentive and never leave you hanging. The service is excellent. The menu is also very very good. My fiance had their special 2 years ago which were braised beef cheeks and to this day he is always scouring menus looking for something similar. I loved their frisee salad with lardons and a poached quail egg. Their duck confeit is salty and good. Blood sausage is also very nice. They offer a wide range of items and their braided house bread is great. The prices are very reasonable for a nice Vegas restaurant like this. You definitely get what you pay for. I love this place and it will always hold a special place in my heart.
1911	0	Stayed at this hotel because of a Groupon deal. The hotel is extremely outdated. It has a very dingy dirty feeling. The bathtub felt slimy when you stepped in it. The carpets and toilet were dirty as well. The AC worked well but parts were just hanging off. The glass was cracked on the closet door and the T.V. is a dinosaur. The pool is no longer open 24 hours either. The gambling area is so small and needs a major make-over. There are only 2 restaurants in this hotel. The positives are the staff was very friendly, Hooters Restaurant is open 24/7 and for the price it was very close to the strip. Overall, the negatives out way the positives and I would never stay at this hotel again. It felt worse than Motel 6.
878	1	The Billionaire burger, though pricey, is definitely worth it. The foie gras compliments the burger so well. The flavor of all its components are exceptional. I wanted more! Loved the selection of spiked milkshakes (definitely recommend the tiramasu) and other alcoholic beverages to wash down the beef. We'll be back soon, no doubt.
1431	1	Yo! I'm literally mid meal and had to stop to review this before I forget! Service is excellent. Our server (Lucas) brought us free Pizza flavored popcorn, was very nice and accommodating and made great meal suggestions. The food is delicious! The Rising Sun burger is like eating sushi with Kobe beef and the Turtle Cheesecake Milkshake is the best milkshake I've ever had! (You can get it with or without booze in it) Definitely worth a visit.
434	0	There was a little bit of line.  Came here for frozen hot chocolate for $14.00, for small glass. Too sweet and overprice!  Didn't really like the looks of then food from other people's table.  Portion was huge and nothing really stands out.  I guess people who likes quantity than quality love to go there.  I think this place is overrated.  Thanks!
1015	0	Okay I have been coming here on and off for five years.My kids remember the atmosphere and what was awesome food and great steaks. Wait a minute did I say great steaks.?  What the heck has happened.?The last two times I have been here since a few years ago have really changed things. I could not even cut my steak. Neither could my son who travelled all the way from Montana to revisit his memories of the roost.  And c'mon guys no cotton candy for the kiddies on the Fourth of July. Well I paid for the steak but won't be spending any money here for a long long time.
928	0	went on a sunday night with a 50.00 groupon.unlike other places that look at you like you have not showered for a while they where fine with it.asked them if i needed a reservation and they said no so went and did sunday shopping in the miracle mile shops and played the machines for about an hour.rolled back up and was greeted and seated right away. asked and got the table i wanted right near the bar so i could watch a little football.server greeted me in a timely manner.didnt need him to explain the menu as i had been to churascarrias before.went to the salad bar and got some cheese and cheeses bread.the bananas and mashed potatoes where on the salad bar,which i had never seen done before as the back waiter brings them out to you at the other brazilian steakhouses,but seeing as how he didnt have a back waiter i suppose that would say it all.so to the food. i tried everything that they offerred twice,first go around i thought my taste buds were deceiving me as i could not taste any flavor.nope ,i was right,everything was completely tasteless, whereas as tex. de brazil, yolies seemed overly seasoned[although that seemed to be remedied on my last visit] teir rodizio seemed to not be sasoned at all.i you already have a groupon you might as well go as you can do a little shopping and gamblingwhile you are there,but there are better tasting rodizios, that have more buzz about them around town.i gave this only two stars because of the food and ambience,i would give the service 4 stars.
1136	0	Overpriced and underwhelming. I'm so disappointed  I wasted a meal eating here.  A salad, shake, soda and burger with a side of onion rings for $50???? The salad was over dressed and extremely salty. The burger tasted like it was a frozen grocery store patty.  Not worth the trip at all.
1241	0	If you want typical buffet food, semi warm this is your place. Had a good variety of pizza, salad bar, Italian, Chinese, Mexican and Spanish food with a dessert bar as well but it was all just ok. Definitely was not worth the $32.99 a person. We won't eat here again during our stay. On a positive note our server was very friendly and attentive to our drinks.
1005	0	The food is OK. The price is a little bit higher than outside but you should appreciate they can bring authentic Chinese food into the middle of a casino. The major problem here is that the place always asks how you are going to pay BEFORE placing order. It suggests the place may suffer from ample unpaid checks at ... Bellagio. So show them your wallet BEFORE placing orders to calm them down.
658	1	Open 24 hours a day, gigantic portion sizes, and a relaxed atmosphere...Grand Lux Cafe was the perfect late-night place to go after dancing!  Since we were staying at the Venetian, we stumbled upon this place all three nights we were there and it never let us down.  We were seated right away, the waitstaff was very attentive, and the place always had a pretty good crowd no matter what the time.    The menu is huge (and again, seriously, the portions are too), but we managed to navigate some delicious food...calamari, pizza, and potato spring rolls were among some of our favorites!  This place is a must for anyone looking for a late-night snack.  I'll definitely be back...
532	1	Out of all the years I've been coming to the Peppermill it's been the same ever since I love this place but tonight tonight for some reason there are about 15 to 20 beautiful knock dead gorgeous women here they don't know me from Adam or all they want to do is go out and partay I'm down for that taxi all later O
1296	1	Excellent. Love the food, love the space. Standouts for me (I go 4 or 5 times a year) include:  1. The Cheese Danish. It's cupcake sized/shaped with a lemony cream cheese filling and flaky pastry.  2. Eggs Benedict. A thin, crispy English muffin..... need i say more?  3. The daily quiche. Always a winner and the green salad it comes with is key with it's bright flavor that provides a nice contrast to the savory quiche filling.  One thing I would say is Bouchon is my favorite for breakfast, not for dinner. Personal taste I'm sure, but I prefer the clean flavors of breakfast and dinner was just too busy for my taste, and too expensive.
956	0	$4 for stale, bagged chips and a small bowl of salsa.  Flat draft beer.  No enchiladas, chimichangas, or typical authentic Mexican dishes.   Extremely high priced for extremely subpar food.   So, go to 7Eleven, grab a six-pack (don't drink yet), and drive thru Taco Bell.  Then, take the $20 you saved and light it on fire. At least you're doing something better with that $20 than giving it to an overhyped, pathetic attempt at serving "food."
1292	1	Came down here from Los Angeles for the weekend and we decided to stop here for breakfast. It was probably the best part out of all my trip. The food was great and our waitress was the sweetest friendliest lady we came across. I would definitely come back to Vegas just for this place!
1620	0	The front desk girl took our name and said it would be 10 mins, she suggested we wait at the bar. 45 minutes later and 4 margaraitas later, we noticed so many more people were being seated. As I walked up to her to see what the deal was, she said she was just coming to get us. Yeah right. Anyway, our waitress was great. Food was typical American Mexican....tacos, burritos, etc. Nothing too fancy, and nothing worth noting here. We were in a hurry so we chose this place on a whim...we will plan better next time.
1586	1	Loved this place.  Went twice on my latest trip to Vegas and each time was great.  Had the gold standard and the long horn burger and each was fantastic.  The philly cheese steak rolls are to die for, but the artichoke guac is a miss.    Beer selection is off the charts and the servers were attentive and fun.
266	1	This wasn't on my to-do list, nor did i know of it from Rachael ray  or man vs food. Searching yelp one morning and looking for something else besides hash house and denny's / ihop / buffet i came across this.  And wow.  This place feels homey. Decor is really cool with western american style wooden tables and chairs that didn't come off too tacky . Plus outdoor seating and this place is slammed on a Friday morning? Must be a good place.   Looking through the menu, my eyes caught a special that was simply prefect. Chocolate pumpkin pancakes. The waitress kept talking them up after i ordered so i was excited but gave a negative vibe to my friend, making him feel like his dish wasn't as good ( he ordered the Mexican style omelet ). Coffee here comes in a carafe making the experience pretty top notch as coffee goes quick in my breakfast meals and i always feel like i am always trying to get more refilled.  The pumpkin chocolate mix in my pancakes was awesome and hands down the best breakfast i had in Vegas. The egg's here are epic. One side order came with a lot of bacon which looked lost in the eggs. The eggs and bacon were a course of their own.   Tried a little of the Mexican omelet it was good too.  Honestly for the cost of the meal and added experience it was a honestly my favorite breakfast throughout whole  trip. Next year I am going to come at least twice when i visit.
77	1	The Gold Standard burger lives up to its name and more. Possibly the best burger that I have ever had in my life!  Their shakes are a fun treat as well. The Apple Pie is one of my faves, with real bits of apple, making it literally taste like they shoved an entire pie in a blender with some rum and ice cream and served it in a giant glass. Also, they give you the extras, so you're really having 2 milkshake glasses instead of one. A tiny girl like me can take one down and be content for the rest of the evening.  Here's a fun tip for you club-goers: Head to Marquee early and get your stamp. Once you're in, get your drank/dance on for a bit and then leave to go to Holsteins downstairs for a mid-club snack. When you're done, go back upstairs to Marquee's re-entry line and dance the burger/night away. Best way to spend a night in Vegas.
1662	1	I'm usually pretty wary of places that are "hyped up" by the yelp community, cause more often than not they actually suck, but this place is actually good, surprisingly so.  It's called Secret Pizza because there's no flashing lights and a million advertisements pointing to the place. Which I'm sure they think is very edgy, but I just enjoy watching idiot tourists walk around searching in desperation for a sign to show them the way. Think you're in the wrong city for that.  The wait was a little long, but it was reasonable considering the high volume of shmoozies that were there. My friends and I stick to our traditional and delicious plain cheese pizza, and it was large and awesome. Not too greasy, a very generous size for a large, and the price is right.
1738	0	I stayed at LVH for a week in Jan 2013.  I was extremely disappointed ... pretty dirty (stains on the carpet, food trays with leftovers in the hallway, old fashioned rooms, etc).  The only reason I gave it two stars instead of one is because the big screens in the sports area of the casino was nice and the buffet food was edible.  Also the check in and out process was easy and quick.   Other than that, this hotel sucked ... and i wont be back.
1219	1	Amazing burgers, that were both cooked and seasoned perfectly. The prices were a little bit on the expensive side for a burger, but it is not too much more than you would pay for a burger at any other sit down restaurant. The one area where they excel over other places is that they cook the burgers to your liking, but also have other foods that most sit down burger places wouldn't off. Additionally they have some incredible in house fruit flavored sodas.  The feel is not too bad, but it would be way better if it was located elsewhere, and not in a strip mall.
287	1	For my 500th review, I am happy to write it for Shake Shack. This location is the first Shake Shack in the west coast and hopefully more to come! I am from Los Angeles and just happened to be in Vegas the day Shake Shack had its grand opening. Of course we stopped by to get our grub on! To my surprise, it wasn't a long wait. We waited maybe only 15 minutes and they gave us samples of their vanilla and chocolate concretes which kept me even more happy and satisfied.   This is by far the largest Shake Shack I have ever been to. Lots of ample seating inside and outside. Heating lamps outside for those chilly winter nights. Decor is super modern and yet comfy. Service was great as usual and food was done super quick. This is a very friendly and efficient staff considering it was grand opening and there are sometimes hiccups. But I saw no hiccups. They were all a machine and happily working.  My fiance and I got the Stack Shack which is my personal favorite. I love the cheesy portabello mushroom with my burger. I also normally get their vanilla shake but this time we changed it up and got their special which was the salted caramel shake. I am so glad we did. This shake was phenomenal and so delicious and creamy! It wasn't too sweet. It was just perfection.  Just as a heads up, Shake Shack is technically not connected to a specific hotel. It is located in between NYNY and Monte Carlo. You can't miss it!  Ahh even as I am writing this, I am craving their shakes. Their shakes are phenomenal. Maybe I need to go back to Vegas again very soon. I am so happy west coast finally has a Shake Shack of its own!
1209	1	Awesome place. Located in Mandalay Bay Hotel. Good beer list and extensive menu, with obviously their specialty is burgers. I built my own with a fried egg and I followed it up with a chocolate shake. The service was great. My favorite place for burgers and can't wait to go back.
709	0	It's a 2...because we didn't spit it out LOL. That's a good start, right? Makes your mouth water? It also gets a 2 instead of a 1 because it was very organized. The line looked really long, but we were only in line for about 10-15 minutes and then it took maybe another 5 to get the actual food.  So here's the deal. My husband and I have lived in So-Cal all our lives, so even though we've always heard of White Castle---the East Coast version of In n Out, we had never gotten to try it. We were SUPER excited when we randomly saw they had one in Vegas that we had to stop and try it! Yay!  We had seen the frozen ones at Ralphs for years, but didn't ever want to ruin our first experience for when we did eventually get to try the real thing....in hindsight I feel like the frozen ones might actually be better!  We weren't very hungry so we just ordered 2 cheese sliders and 1 double cheese slider with no onions for me. PROTIP: Yes you can order individually even though they aren't on the menu that way.  We were lucky enough to instantly find a table (it was packed), sat down, and dug in. Upon first bite we both looked at each other with a WTF look on our faces. We had waited years to try this? Avoided the frozen version? Waited in line. Ew.  The buns were soggy and wet, the meat was gray. Not a good combination. Like I said we didn't spit them out, so I guess it gets a 2 star, but OMG they were pretty close to terrible.   This is what all the hype is about? I admit I think they're cute in those little boxes, but the compliments pretty much end there.   I think I figured it out though...you must have to be high riding on white tigers like Harold and Kumar to be able to say you enjoyed those things.  Thanks but no thanks White Castle...ew.  In N Out for the win....West Coast 4eva!
1515	1	One of my favorite places we are in Vegas! The bread they give out is great. I got a salad and my fianc got Beef Wellington. We split butter cake for dessert. Everything was delicious and the price was great for the amount of food you get. Next time we are in Vegas, we'll definitely be back!
100	0	I had the worst experience ever in a las Vegas hotel! Being a local on a Thursday night I decided to try westin They serve until 6 am and I  figured it was a great place to grab a late night dinner. As I get to the bar, nobody takes my order. I struggled To get the bartenders attention, whn I did he tells me that he can't serve me and that he has been directed to call security. So I politely asked if I could speak to security. When security shows up he refused to speak to me or even look at me. He also says he can't help me, so sitting here baffled I ask to speak to a higher management. So security manager Dean comes over and again can't give me an explanation of why I can't be served all while looking me from top to bottom making me assume that he is profiling me. After I ask the reason behind this he says he cannot tell me the reason but that he as the right to refuse service. He said i am more than welcome to come back to speak to Ben noble at 9am.
1475	1	I've been aspiring to have a dining experience in one of Chef Thomas Keller's "a must dine-in" resto which is the French Laundry in Nappa Valley. I know how tough it is to make a reservation there. For now, I just have to wait and find a very special occasion for that.   Apparently, during a week-end rendezvous with my family in Las Vegas- Venetian, a fine looking Resto near the hotel's lift caught my eyes. Little did I know that it's proprietor is D' Chef Keller, my role model, per se.   Enthusiastically, called in Bouchon and made a reservation and tried it for Brunch. I believed this place really gets packed during lunch. Perhaps, it got something to do with the Menu prices compared to their Dinner Menu that could cost you I would say an average of $70plus pp w/o wine and the full enjoyment of a full classic French Course.   The place for me looks very conventional, not too much frills. It has its own character of simplicity especially the way the dining tables are being draped with white paper linen, maybe only during lunch, I hope.   As far as my food reviews: - Beignets du jour (2 pcs. mini Raspberry doughnuts) - Florentine Quiche (classic French Tart with savory custard filling) - Chicken Waffles (Roasted chicken, bacon and chive waffle, Tahitian         vanilla bean butter & sauce Chasseur) - Steak Frites (pan seared prime flat iron served with maitre d'hotel butter  Honestly, I wasn't really thrilled on my menu selections because I did not    get a chance to challenge my palate for a real epicurean treat but I was thinking of my 14 month old grandbaby girl's appetite and not mine. It was indeed a dazzling treat for my picky eater baby. She loves the steak and I can tell why. It was perfectly cooked medium and seasoned well. It was a simple food that is carefully prepared. In France this would be called "la cuisine grand mere". The service is impeccable. I'll definitely would like to explore their Dinner Menu on my next Venetian visit that is without my grandbaby in tow.
1578	1	Accessed through two elevators near the Venetian parking lot (not the Palazzo), this Thomas Keller gem is sure to be a crowd-pleaser whenever one wants to impress an out of town guest on the strip for a classy yet affordable weekend brunch.  They don't take reservations for brunch so getting here early will cut down on the wait time.  I've been here three times with close friends and most recently for my mom's birthday, and the chicken and waffles is what I always recommend.  Having grown up in the South, this is not your soul food variety with fried chicken and sweet waffles as is done at many other places in town, but a wonderful reinvention that showcases the creativity and respect Keller shows towards his ingredients, classical French cooking techniques, and the humble dish from which it is inspired.     The dish is presented at one's table with a perfectly half-roasted chicken with crispy flavorful herb-encrusted skin enclosing impossibly succulent and juicy meat that comes right off the bone.  Despite being laced with with chives and bacon, these savory waffles are light as a feather.  The accompaniments include maple syrup and a Chasseur sauce("hunter's" sauce) made with demi-glace, mushrooms, shallots, and herbs, along with a Tahitian vanilla bean butter.  Nothing is unintentional as one can feel free to spread a little butter on the waffle, drizzle some maple syrup to finish, and eat it alongside the chicken dipped in the Chasseur...such a complex symphony of flavors that will have your taste-buds doing cartwheels.  Very rarely can a variation on a classic transcend the original, but with someone of Thomas Keller's caliber, I think his rendition does just that.
1493	0	My husband and I decided to try "Cabo Wabo Cantina" on one of our nights out while in Vegas. We were highly disappointed. When we arrived I got a great glimpse at the hostess breasts. I am about to eat, WITH my husband now that is just disgusting! She was wearing half of a WHITE tank top, I could see her boobs completely except fro her nipple truly. It was just extremely unpleasant to begin with, at that moment we should have left, but we did not. A male hostess sat us, ignored me the whole time walked to the stable but had a full conversation with my husband, OK. We sat down, our waiter came by 5 minutes later, we asked for water and my husband ordered a Toasted Colada ($14), he said was ok. 75% ice. We also ordered our food, my husband got some Ceviche appetizer and I got Hot & Spicy Wings which I did not know came with a side of potato. The food was good, the service sucked. Besides taking our order, brining us our food, and our check we got NO SERVICE outside from that. Even if the food had been great, it was OK and the drink amazing, it was not. We would still never ever return to this place, and now when we return to Vegas we never will. The service was by far the worst I have ever gotten in Vegas. Super disappointed. The waiter had the audacity to circle the receipt what we should tip her. HAHA, seriously? My Tip was "Check on your tables". ! That's the BEST tip I am sure she has ever gotten. Recommend, NO Way! Go somewhere else!
719	0	Honesty, I would want to give this place 1 star...but the Excalibur buffet is worse...which automatically bumps this place up to two stars....but let me tell you....it a VERY low 2 stars. NOTHING was exciting about this buffet. I do feel like I need to provide at least one positive thing, however the only positive thing I can think of is the seating arrangement. The seating is arranged so that it is not so "Cafeteria style". IDK if thats so much of a positive but that is the best I could do.   The food is bland, not seasoned well. Plain boring "Comforter food". Waaaaaaaay over priced for the food they provide. I paid $38 for the all you can eat day pass, but will NEVER do that again. It is NOT a deal if you don't like the food and don't eat it. I tried a little bit of everything (My buffet ritual) But I literally took one bite and put it down and moved to the next. I honestly don't remember taking more than one bite of anything. It was gross.  I went to McDonald's an hour later and had the best meal I had that day. And I don't even eat McDonald's. Ok so perhaps I'm being a little harsh....but to be honest, you can pay that same exact price to eat at the Wicked Spoon (BEST BUFFET ON THE STRIP, Don't believe yelp it)  anyways like I was saying, you can pay the same price, and eat like a Queen or King until you are stuffed!! And you still will want to eat because EVERYTHING is so tasty, you'll be so stuffed you won't need to eat for the rest of the day. ( At least that is what happened to me on several occasions) There fore, you are pretty much paying the same price for the days worth of food, but with a better experience. \  But bottom line, even if I were to get a free pass for this buffet, I would probably try to sell it to a foolish person for $5, take that and go put it in a slot machine. I wouldn't eat this food again if it were free, now, if I were starving...maybe...but then again,  it's Vegas...no such thing as starving....so nope...won't be eating here again EVER.    BLAH
0	1	Enjoyed the food very much. Reminded me so much of Korea.   Its just like the traditional korean bbq where you cook on the grill in front of you. Ordered the marinated kalbi, bulgogi, duck, and steam egg. Will definitely come back and bring more friends.
1344	1	Bouchon was out of control.   This was a highlight of our honeymoon. I was so looking forward to this meal and knew after we got here, nothing would compare. And we were right.   We were sitting next to a lovely couple who highly recommended the chicken and waffles and what a recommendation it was.   Let's just say the bread and butter course was the best I've ever had.   We started with the basket of pastries. We had the raspberry beignets. Full of freshly prepared raspberry jam with a crispy exterior. The chocolate almond croissant was incredible. The pecan sticky bun was topped with so many pecans! But my favorite of all was the cheese pastry. It was a muffin full of mascarpone cheese and it was heavenly.   For our entrees we split the eggs Benedict which was good but I could have done without. The chicken and waffles was the star of the show. Bacon cheddar waffles with perfectly roasted chicken with mushroom bacon gravy poured on top. Like, are you kidding?! It was perfect. The side of fries and bacon were also exceptional.   We mentioned that we were on our honeymoon and were sent a delicious creme brulee on the house that was, of course, perfect.   Everything was amazing. Between service, food, and value this place is not to be missed.
1175	0	Save Yourselves!!!!!!  The only reason for 2 stars is that their Coconut Margarita was so yummy that I promised myself I wouldn't give Cabo Wabo only 1 star.  But really....they're only deserving of 1 star....Cabo Wabo serves Tex Mex food....how can ANY Tex Mex taste bad?  Well, Cabo Wabo does it!   I ordered the fish tacos...but they were out of them!  So then I ordered the shrimp tacos....and again they were out of them!  But somehow they had the shrimp quesadillas, so that's what I went with.  What I got were these WET triangle things, that had no shrimp and basically just alot of wet cheese.  It was disgusting.  I couldn't eat it....and I eat anything Tex Mex.    IF you come to Cabo Wabo (and I would really think hard about it) my advice is to just sit at the bar and have a couple margaritas.  Thankfully they don't screw that up.  Don't eat here though.  Eat your Mexican at Dos Caminos at Palazzo or Pink Taco at Hard Rock.
144	0	one word - OVERRATED!  The fam bamz decided to come here for an afternoon snack.  We heard about the rave of the "Frozen Hot Chocolate" and wanted to find out what the hype was all about.  It was around 3pm and to be expected, the place was mad busy.  There was an hour and 1/2 wait for a party of 8.  There was plenty of outdoor tables and the weather was absolutely phenomenal during the month of March. We decided to try out their take out orders.  It's a limited menu but again, we were there strictly for dessert.  We were in line for 45 minutes.  I don't understand why there was a long wait when the orders consisted of ice cream.  I passed on the frozen hot chocolate - why do I need to spend $15 on a milkshake?  I went with the huge chocolate donut and the Forbidden Sundae which consisted of chocolate cake, chocolate and vanilla cream, whip cream, chocolate syrup, and a cherry on top.  I waited another 15 minutes for my order to be prepared.  I saw my sundae sitting on the counter underneath an air vent that was melting my ice cream. It took another 10 minutes for the server to grab my donut.  By the time I was handed my sundae, the whip cream turned into milk and spilled over the cheesy cup.  The cake was hard and chewy.  The ice cream underneath and had already turned into mush.  It was the MESSIEST sundae I have ever dealt with.  It was sooo messy, that it got me angry and I just wanted to throw it away! The donut was nothing special....just  big.  This was the worst experience ever! Everyone wants to eat here because of the movie; well, I'm hear to tell you that the service and food is below standard!  WASTE OF MONEY AND TIME!  If you want real ice cream, come over to the bay area and hit up MITCHELL'S!  Mitchell's is worth standing in line for!
609	1	We eat Thai food all over the country as we're traveling. We've been eating here for over 10 years.The food is still excellent and the service is as well. We had a bump this time. I called on Thursday for reservations on Saturday night at 6 o'clock but when we arrived there was no reservation on their books. (Still not sure if that was their mixup or mine. Make sure when you call that they take your first and last name.)   They worked us in as fast as they could, which ended up being about 20 minutes. It is difficult, sometimes, to get through to even make a reservation, but it is WORHT IT!   We had garlic prawns, crispy duck with drunken noodles, Larb from the Northern Menu and a sliced beef in coconut dish from the Chef's Choice menu - all four dishes were excellent. Don't miss the coconut ice cream on hot sticky rice.   Lotus of Siam is still a favorite.
1726	1	Granted, I've only eaten here for breakfast, but what a fantastic breakfast it is.  The croque monsieur is easily one of the best things I've ever eaten, and the fries here are some of the best.  The specialty omelettes here are also out of this world - it doesn't seem like there is really that much that can be done with eggs, but Bouchon manages to find a way.   I love the atmosphere here early in the morning - its fairly empty, the staff is formal but still relax and not stuffy or annoying, and it all equates to a very nice, very relaxed breakfast experience.    A breakfast here also won't break the bank...it's not exactly cheap, but I'd much rather spend my money here than at a place like Grand Lux or Hash House.    I can't wait to try this place for dinner.
1363	1	I did not know why people were raving about this joint until we were seated, served and tried the food. Wow!! The food was awesome, from appetizers to the hamburgers.    We arrived around 9 PM Friday night. After a ten minutes wait we were seated. Our waiter (Jerry) was professional, polite and took his time with us on deciding on our drinks. He gave us the I Pad which had the drinks menu and browsed all the different drinks they have. After ordering our drinks we went ahead and ordered food.  THE APPETIZERS:  -Truffle Parmesan Fries--@$11.00 Hand cut fries, truffle parmesan, truffle salt, truffle aioli, They cam in a cone shaped paper and they were delicious.  - Beer Battered Maui Onion Rings--@$9.00 these were just fantastic. Nicely fried, served in a Cone accompanied Chipotle Ketchup and ranch cheddar dip.  -Roasted Jalapeo Poppers--@$12.00 this was our favorite of all appetizers. They are served in a glass platter divided in 6 compartment each holding one popper with  Cheddar bacon, cheddar ranch sauces on the bottom of each one for dipping.   THE BURGERS:  - Farm Burger-- I had this one with additional beef patty. This was topped with duck breast bacon, cheddar cheese and fried egg. I asked for mine to be cooked Medium rare but got it around the medium. Still, the beef was so tasty in every bite I took. The duck bacon was flavorful and the eggs yolk oozing down was and extra addition of flavor combined with the aged cheddar cheese. 5 stars for sure. - Farm Burger--my friend had the same with only one patty. He thought In and out was great and when he tasted this one he was blown away.  -  Southern Yardbird Burger--This is what my friend had and she loved it.  Chicken burger, sharp cheddar, mustard bbq sauce, pickle and butter lettuce. -  Earth Burger (no meat)--My daughter is Vegan and she enjoyed this creation of this veggie style burger. Grilled portobello mushroom, fontina cheese, arugula and roasted tomato.  THE SHAKE:  After having such a big meal we did not think we have enough room for anything else. Then when our waiter Jerry suggested we try one at least, we decided to go with the Caramel Pudding Shake. Oh boy Oh boy Oh boy...we all shared this one, It was huge and let me tell you we all loved it so much. So rich and thick YOU MUST TRY IT.  We really enjoyed the GRB experience. This is one of my stops for burger and shake in Vegas.  Be sure to show your Harrah's playing card to get discount.  This whole dinner with three beers and two cocktails including tax came to $162.00. I say it was not bad at all.
723	1	Bachi Burger has an interesting menu for a burger joint. That's bc this joint serves no ordinary burgers! We began with the Bachi Pickles, an assortment of eight different types of pickles, all handmade and very delicious. We had the Sweet Potato Fries dusted with sea salt served up with Yuzu Citrus Aioli dipping sauce, a delicious match. Each of us ordered a burger - think of your juiciest most succulent backyard barbecue burger ever taking a quick trip to Japan and stopping off in Hawaii on the way back, and you have all the wonderful influences that make Bachi Burgers so wonderful. I ordered the Kiki Burger: 5 ounces (1/3 lb) of thick, juicy, tender, delicious Texas Kobe beef topped with caramelized bacon, Gruyere cheese, sweet onion marmalade, very tiny petite mushrooms and tender fresh cool greens, served on a warm bun. My dining partner enjoyed a Signature BBQ Bachi Burger, a tender 5 oz Angus Beef burger served up on a warm steamed bun with crispy cool lettuce, a thick slice of ripe tomato and thin slice of raw onion. Everything was better than we dreamed it would be! We look forward to our next visit.
745	1	Best steak of my life! I'm not kidding! This place is fantastic- I don't even know where to begin. I didn't think the greens beans would be one of the most memorable parts of my dish. I think it caught me off guard how amazing green beans could taste. The steak is out of this world- it cuts like butter. And there isn't a better way to end your meal than with sticky toffee pudding!
1249	0	Not impressive. I went here for dinner with 5 other people and the line to pay for our buffets was enormous, but moved quickly. We were seated and a server promptly took our drink order. However, when she got back to the table, she had the diet and regular sodas all mixed up.  The buffet area is set up according different food "cultures": Japanese, Mexican, American, Middle Eastern, etc. Some of the food looked absolutely horrifying. My dad saw them mixing in snow crab legs with the king crab legs. Lots of stuff looked like it had been sitting out for awhile...  I found the only edible food in the Middle Eastern portion of the buffet. It had some couscous and fresh tomatoes sliced in half and topped with some sort of veggie concoction. It also had tandoori chicken and some really good vegetables.  I would avoid most of the meat here. Did not look appetizing at all...   They did have made-to-order crepes at the dessert station; I had a bananas foster crepe and it was pretty good.  Would I pay $30 to eat here again? Heck no. Especially if you can't eat much. If you're going to try this place out anyway, check around for coupons -- we found $5 off coupons available online.
401	0	The staff was definitely friendly and helpful.  The menu items were indeed intriguing, with catchy names like "Swallow a Cloud", and "When Pigs Fly".  There are a few foods here (like the signature Rou Jia Mo Street Sandwich) whose ingredients I couldn't quite decipher (maybe braised pork belly with char siu???) nor find in another restaurant.  And they have a fried quail/rose petal menu item called "Like Water for Chocolate"! (I'm a fan of the movie).  However, the overall taste was disappointing.  The pork filling in our street sandwiches was salty (even when eaten with the bread).  "Swallow A Cloud" (which was really just a wor wonton noodle soup) was also salty, and I thought that my favorite Chinatown restaurant did a better version (cheaper too).  When served with tea, we were advised to give it a few minutes to brew... I wish I ignored it because by the time I poured it out, it was too bitter.  The lunch was very expensive compared to the experience I got.  I don't mind paying $30/person for lunch, but I think I deserve to be guaranteed at least a satisfying dining experience at that price.  PS: Even though I was a fan of "Like Water for Chocolate", I decided not to order the namesake dish after tasting the foods they started serving us.  It was about $15 to the already bloating check and I didn't want to risk another possible disappointment.
640	1	Literally the best burger I have ever had and I have tried a lot. The restaurant is beautiful with streaming flames that dress the windows.  You could sit at a regular table or at s high seat table. To top is off they also have the best sweet potatoe fires.  To add a sweet zing they sprinkle them with powdered sugar. From now on whenever in Vegas a stop at Gordons Burgr is mandatory !!!
1441	1	Really good burgers. Super juicy and not just average Burgers. I had the kalbi burger that was super flavorful (nice and spicy!) And my boyfriend had the banh mi burger. He ate it super fast so I assume it was really good. The calamari is also really good (although the mint leaves made some pieces taste funny) and the fries were nice and crispy. Close to the rent a car distribution place, so If you're picking up your car I recommend going here! Or go here before you board your flight .
368	1	Phenomenal.  In a city with so many dives, this one is a great find.  We went early, so we were lucky to get a seat at the bar (just barely!) where bartender/mixologist extraordinaire Allison  Bignell treated us to libations and burgers.  Let's just say that my partner is a finicky drink man, and Allison worked him like putty, awing him with drink after drink.  The "AJ SPECIAL" with Smirnoff Whipped Vodka, Ciroc Coconut Vodka, Pineapple Juice, Coconut Sorbet was amazing.  OK, enough about the drinks - let's talk burgers.  You can't go wrong with any burger.  Of course, get it medium rare or rare.  By the time we left (wobbled out), the line was out the door and around the corner.
1429	1	The hype is confirmed. This place is excellent!  First off, the service is unmatched. Servers, bus boys and hosts were all equally friendly and welcoming. We never got a feeling of pretentious or snooty. Our server had a wealth of knowledge of both the food and Vegas.  Presentation and taste of food were on point. The initial meat display was perfect for the visual guest. :) it looked mouth watering. The meal itself was perfect. The flavors all blended so perfectly. The bread platter at the beginning could have been an appetizer on its own! The mac n cheese is yum yum! My lobster tails were excellent!  Overall you have to go here for the experience and awesome food. You definitely won't be disappointed. A dinner for two with no desert and 2 glasses of wine at 425.00 was totally worth it.
1605	0	I should have known better.  Yes, it seemed handy for the trade show (we didn't realize it was in S Hall and tried walking...big mistake in 105 degree weather) and it does have a monorail station.   We'd stayed here about 5 years ago and were given an occupied room(!). It was mortifying.  But I thought w/new owners and a re-do, it was worth trying.  Never, ever again. It wasn't very clean.  Someone had either spilled a tray from room service or thrown up outside our room. It had been hastily wiped up.  I pointed it out to one of the housekeepers but it remained for the duration of our stay.   There was literally no hot water in the morning...none.  So we had to shower/wash our hair in cold water. This was a business trip!  We needed to look decent. Not a fun way to start day.   Food choices were mediocre, at best.  The only plus is that their staff was cordial. Everything about it felt like it catered to lowest common denominator
1280	0	Honestly not impressed. I've heard so much hype about their food and it really was no different then the cafeteria that is at my university. also, they messed up my order. i understand that times can get busy, but when i show up and there are only 4 people in line i would hope i can get the right order. Also, I'm not sure how good i feel about eating chicken that is in the shape of a ring LOL,  something tells me chickens don't grow like that.
1989	0	I came here for a friend and I's birthday from Atlanta.... We were treated horribly. Our entire Las Vegas experience has been phenomenal until this. I am a lifestyle blogger and this will def be on my list of things NOT to do. The club is beautiful I wish the security would have been as great. One of the guards actually put his hands on one of my friends..... I was yelled at like I was a man  for not understanding which way to go..... Security guard got directly in my face to the point he spit on me.   I have never had this bad of an experience in ANY club in any city. I suppose they could care less about people having a great experience since they bring in so many patrons. The guest celebrity host Lebron James, I'm sure would have been floored if he knew how badly people were treated.   We should have listened to locals  when they told us not to come here. Better luck tonight!  Naeemah Jade
1980	0	This buffet is very overpriced especially considering the quality of the food.  Most of the food is average and the rest is below average.  For the price it is more worth it to spend a few extra bucks and go to Bacchanal Buffet at Caesars Place or The Wicked Spoon at the Cosmopolitan.  5/10 for food, 2/10 for price, 7/10 for staff (some were friendly while others were kinda rude).  Overall, this buffet is not worth going to and there are far better buffets walking distance away that you can go to.
1745	0	Based on food alone this place would fail in a minute if located in Cali, east bay, or any highly populated asian community.  With that said this is vegas hence the 2 stars.      Food- food portions are small (to be expected).  This place its value orientated for asians in vegas.   Beef Noodle Soup-Not impressed; nothing special; somewhat cold when delivered Szechuan noodles and pork!-Not impressed;not spicy enough;nothing unique War Wonton Noodle Soup-HORRIBLE; no flavor, bad noodles, no flavor in dumplings.  Green Onion Pancake-HORRIBLE-your better off finding your favorite frozen brand.  Came out cold and no flavor chow fun-u can smell the wok heat, but still just ok  -=the best of the night=- Xiao Long Bao, Soup Dumplings-good flavor.  individual bao vary on attention of detail.  Sauce occasioned was spot on  either had  Seafood and Egg White Fried Rice or Fu Zhou Fried Rice, Gravy style Shrimp, Scallop, Mushrooms,Asparagus, Eggs-nice flavor.  nice and oily, but delish.     The good- Line/wait-fairly short both times under 1hour about 45 minutes.  arrived before lunch/dinner rush.  Ok- For those deprived of good authentic Chinese sure eat your heart out.  My auntie from HI thought it was good.  For those that know you got it good pass this spot up    Bad- Service-The same unattentive service you expect expect in chinatown.  Waiters need training and more discipline.  It does not look good to stand around playing on your phone or speaking overly loud where customers can hear your conversations.    Hostesses-not very host like these girls need replacing.  Do some work other than just standing up front and then ducking in the back  I came here for the hand made noodles and thus put in an order and informed only after I ordered that there were none available.  I then asked the waiter to inform me when the chef was making more so we could put in an order.  NOPE had to spot the chef making more and flag down our waiter to order.  Sure, hand tossed tasted better than store bought, but not at the price.
665	1	Absolutely incredible! Food and service was on point! The single slices are huge and a great price. The owner is laid back and very friendly it was an awesome atmosphere and even better food. The crust was crunchy and the sauce was a tad bit sweet, will be back every time I'm in Vegas.   The place in on the third floor of the Cosmopolitan hotel down an unmarked hall that's lined with record covers.  Go getchu some.
976	0	I would give it a zero if I knew how! Worst service ever! As a server myself, I've never seen such disregard to a customer. Never once saw our serve once he took our order til we had to ask someone else for the check. Host staff were, for lack of a better word, BITCHES! Acted like they were too good to work! And worst the chicken from the chicken and waffles was undeniable! Never order that ugh!
1952	0	It would be zero stars if there was an option.   I will ever visit this place again. It was not busy when we arrived but we still had to wait 30 minutes to be seated. That should have been my 1st clue to leave.    When we were finally seated the waitress appeared offering water we were already prepared to place our order from waiting so long.  She took our drinks order and about 15 min later the drinks arrived. My drink came in this Palm tree plastic cup hmm ok whatever it taste good so we placed our food orders and waited and waited about 30 min which would have been fine except when they brought the orders out it was the wrong items. I ordered the BLT wrap which was correct but my husband who is super sensitive with his food had ordered the carnitas plate. They bought him tacos. He is a diabetic and was very hungry and edgy at this point. We did not take the tacos the waitress said he ordered tacos my husband said no I ordered the carnitas plate. We said being the check.   Check arrived and they charged me $24 for my drink WHAT it was from the slush machine I was charged $11.25 for the plastic Palm tree cup I told her I didn't ask for the take home cup and didn't want it. She said you can just leave it then.     By this time I had it wrong food order waiting forever to be treated like this. Never again  I will be sure to share my review with others
1638	1	Not for the faint of heart. YES, everything you read about this location is true and when you go at night for dinner, it's especially scary but oh so worth the risk!   Once you step inside, it's as if you walked through the looking glass. The restaurant is huge, with a very large wine room that you can see through the glass walls. We didn't make reservations and our expected wait was 45 minutes for three but were seated in a short 15 minutes, just enough time to order drinks at the bar. Note that they only serve beer, wine (huge selection) and sake.  Service was efficient and our waiter was very helpful with suggestions. I was determined not to order regular dishes but was with some diners that aren't that adventurous, so no raw meat, liver or too spicy!  We ordered Tod Mun Plar, Garlic/Pepper Chicken Wings and Pad Thai. All were very good, fresh and more than enough to share for 4 but only three of us. Also, luckily we ordered  these typical dishes because it was all the non spicy eater in our group could eat, although the fish cakes had a little kick.  We ordered the Squid garlic, sauce was amazing, even just with rice! The waiter suggested the Braised Short Rib with Panang and Thai Basil Catfish. Here is where we tread the spicy fantastic. We specifically ordered mild and their mild is a regular joe's spicy! It was great and depth of flavors, even with the heat, were so good. Thankfully, the water server did her rounds regularly and filled our glasses each time!  The fifth star really is for the price. Six dishes and drinks for three (enough food for four) was under $100, unheard of for such great food, environment and service.
1843	0	This is not a "Hilton" hotel.  It was sold a few years ago and the "Hilton" company has been trying to get their name off of it.  I have stayed at a few "Hilton's" over the years and many casinos in Vegas but had never stayed here before but my wife and I wanted to try something new.   Apparently they don't believe in customer service at the LVH.  Maybe they didn't know that there is competition for travelers in Vegas?  They were rude from the moment we checked in until the moment we left.  The people at the front desk, the woman at the players club desk, even at the coffee shop acted like they wanted nothing to do with us.  So rude and uninterested in speaking to us.  My wife and I made it a point not to spend a penny here.  We saw shows at Ceasars Palace, and New York New York, ate at Paris, Mandalay Bay, The Flamingo, and Terribles casino.  We spent quite a bit over the last 3 days but not one penny at the LVH.    The room was nothing special.  I've stayed at 6 different casinos now and would rate the quality of the room in the middle.  Nothing exceptional, nothing horrible about the room itself.    When I've stayed at the Hilton in San Francisco they always treated me with such respect, the other casinos in Vegas made us feel welcome.  I would rather get a $20 room at the Palace Station than go back to the LVH.  I would rather spend a lot more at a casino that I enjoy being at then put one more penny in the pockets of the staff at LVH.  The management clearly is not doing their job if their employees are allowed to treat guests like they do.  When you are on vacation you want the people at your resort/hotel to be welcoming, not act like you are bothering them, they are tired and don't want to see any more guests.
1350	0	Was enjoying my beef brisket noodle soup while reading the news when something below caught my eye.  Right in front of the noodle bar (where they make the noodle) I see a cricket stuck in the little case in front of the noodle bar.  I felt bad because the poor thing couldn't get out.  Definitely stopped eating the noodles & told my server.
1623	0	unfortunately all the bad reviews lived up to the hype...being that it was my first time here it certainly will be my last, let's just say sizzler has a better buffet than here, the only thing that probably saved my not so great experience was the chicken dish and that was it, everything else was just screaming  cafeteria! Please don't waste your money
365	0	I have had better food and service at Ryan's. We paid $32 per person and a 18% gratuity because we sat with relatives at the same table so a total of $38 per person.   The meat (prime rib, salmon, sausage) was all over cooked. The pasta was cold. The dessert bar was lack luster. The menu posted outside specifically stated "hot lava cake" (the reason my in-laws wanted to eat there) but it was not actually being served.  The server cleared that table only twice despite the 18% gratuity.
516	1	Hands down the best steak place I've ever been to, although I may be biased being a fan of Gordon Ramsay. I'm not a huge meat lover to begin with and I've always felt meh about steaks especially (almost disliking them even), but I had high expectations for this place. I knew weeks ahead of time that I had wanted the beef wellington - the meat cart that they lug out to show their diners the different cuts? Wasn't even phased by it, though I found it awesome and very helpful since my boyfriend was unsure about the sizing of the different cuts. I was SUPER hyped to finally try the beef wellington after watching seasons upon seasons of Hell's Kitchen and seeing how difficult it was for those chefs to make one cute little beef wellington. Let me tell you, it definitely did not disappoint. I can't even describe the sensation I had as I put a cut of the meaty goodness into my mouth. It was as if all of my steak endeavors had finally reached an epiphany - that all other steaks I'd tried before had been subpar because I had been waiting for this moment of eating Ramsay's signature beef wellington. A true masterpiece. All I could do was moan about how delicious it was because I was speechless. I would recommend those who come here to definitely give it a try.  The other, less important, dishes we ordered were half a dozen oysters, the wagyu sliders, and my boyfriend got the American rib cap as his entree.   The oysters were alright. I'm a huge fan of oysters so I wanted to get them for myself but they're nothing spectacular or amazing. Definitely skippable unless, of course, you're dying to get your aphrodisiac on before hitting the club. I'm always trying to get my aphrodisiac on.  The American wagyu sliders come in 2 little burgers, perfect to split on a dinner date. They are delicious! Seasoned and cooked to perfection. I would recommend trying them! So cute and adorable.  My boyfriend really enjoyed his rib cap though I don't think it even compared to the beef wellington tbh if I say so myself, but again, I'm probably biased.  The complementary bread is also really good! We didn't get to try the walnut (?) one because my boyfriend is allergic to nuts, so we skipped that one, and the lemon one wasn't that great, but the two that are shaped like little muffins were amaze. I could eat those breads for days.  One thing that had me a little sad was that they don't do anything special for birthdays besides very briefly say, "Happy birthday!". Bummer.  Very expensive meal, dropped almost 3 bills, but very worth it. Will definitely come back the next time I'm in Vegas and try the mac n cheese.
1750	1	Ate at Bouchon during breakfast, and it couldn't have been more perfect. I ordered the American breakfast which included, coffee, juice, a gorgeous pastry, plus eggs, bacon, sausage, and beautiful brioche. I ordered my eggs poached and they came over brioche toast points, in a decadent butter sauce. The coffee was pored from a silver server, perfectly brewed, and my juice was fresh squeezed. All this for 22 dollars? Perfect! Thomas Keller is the man!
1458	1	I love this place!!! We were immediately greeted upon entering and was welcomed into the restaurant. Service was very fast as well. We had happy hour and I tried the beef toro and bulgogi. Both were extremely delicious! Highly recommended kbbq! Amazing!!
1675	1	Wow.  I can't say enough about this place.  The prices for good food on the strip are relatively steep, but the prices here were downright reasonable.  And the food was great.  The wait staff bent over backwards for me, and quite frankly, I ate most of my meals here over 5 days.  How could I do that?  The menu is HUGE, man!  I would strongly recommend this restaurant.
1875	0	We come here every year for the past 5 years for business.  I've always eaten at this buffet because I like all the veggies and fruit.  I've tried it for breakfast and dinner and in the past has always been great.  I went there last night and it was horrible and not worth $35.00!  Selection was bland and there was an Italian station with Alfredo sauce but no noodles to put the sauce on and it wasn't because they were out if noodles they just didn't have them on the station at all.  There were stuffed Italian shells but they had cheddar cheese grated on them which looked awful.  The other items were dry and the temperature of the soup was barely warm.  Salad bar and next to nothing as far as variety.  Huge disappointment this time and I won't be going back.
435	1	MAN did I love this place! I really love how creative they are with their presentation. The Fried Chicken Benedict was almost doing too much, but it was worth it! The corned beef hash was great. I have no complaints at all about that. The blueberry pecan flapjack was amazing. We were all talking about the pecans. Then later on that night I snuck away to try one of the scrambles. Another hit!! Everything was amazing!
1974	1	This place has a nice concept and it's well executed  Trendy Asian Burger Spot  Sit down restaurant  It's not cheap but it's not unreasonable   Got all the great Asian style drinks boba etc Salt and Fries are good  Any burger will do  Have the Malasadas it's on point
1868	1	Gotta love the gourmet burgers with an Asian twist. Actually got my pal and her friend from Chicago to try the place and it passes the "Chicago Test"...being that everyone I know from there is picky about food...Chinese sausage, 3 kinds of mushrooms or maybe Korean BBQ and Kim chi on a burger sound weird? Maybe but it's REALLY GOOD STUFF
1763	1	Took the lady and nana on a little trip for something new. We got in for happy hour and had us a feast. We had the toro, bulgogi, and pork belly; good meats to good eats was the call. We also tried the sweet corn, kabocha tempura, and cheese wontons. Overall, service and attention was to standard, and I will gladly come again.
446	0	I placed in the weekly slot tournament and won $50 in credit. When I went to the cashier to have this added to my card,  I mentioned that the credits came at a great time since my sister was arriving later in the week and we could use the credits then.  Her response indicated she had heard what I said.  She said something like  "oh that will be fun"  and I went on merry way.   Flash forward a few days and I go to use the credit.  There is no credit balance on the card.  I go to the cashier cage and a different cashier is working.  I asked her what was up andr she tells me that I have until midnight the same day as tournament to use the credits.  I asked how I was supposed to know this and told her that I had even told the other cashier I planned to use them later in the week.  She apologized and told me to take it up with the casino host.    I was totally unimpressed with the casino host.  She told me that due to gaming commission rules she could do nothing to help me or reissue the  credits I'd won.  I told her that this is very unfair as I had no idea the creditswwould be revoked so quickly.  She said the rules are posted at the tournament.  When I asked specifically where they were posted she didn't know,  but advised that I ask the promo people running the tournament.    So I went back the next week to look for these rules.  Guess what? No rules posted.  I asked.  An employee hosting the tournament told me they could grab me a copy.  But it confirmed what I thought.  I didn't remember seeing anything about rules.   What irks me is that we're talking a $50 prize and it's not even cash! It's credit! Awarding me the $50 credit would be nothing to them. I live next door to the Riv and have spent lots of money there.  So you're going to haggle over $50 credit when the rules aren't posted and the cashier never mentioned a time limit when I gave her the perfect opportunity to do so.    I used to like the Riviera.  The place can go to hell now for all I care.  I would have called the gaming commission on them,  but it's just $50 plus the place will be blown to bits soon enough.  Way to go Riviera.  I'll never return.
905	1	Be prepared to wait, or make a reservation! We had a great experience. We did not make a reservation, so had a drink at the bar while we waited.   Atmosphere was typical of an old school Asian restaurant. There seemed to be no dresscode, as people were both very casual and somewhat formal.   Food was amazing - fresh and flavourful. Service was friendly and relatively quick. Would definitely recommend.
1066	0	We ate lunch there twice during our stay ... both times were just so-so.  I've read some of the previous reviews, and don't know what "variety" some of you are referring to.  I am not a picky eater but could only find a few items to eat.  My husband and I also received the 2 for 1 offer for the buffet.  Yes, it was cheaper than going to some of the other buffets but I really don't think it was worth the savings.  They had no seafood whatsoever during the week (for lunch or dinner ... we went in late for lunch and hung out for dinner).  The best thing about the place was their fresh salad bar where they make the salad any way you like.  The desserts were awful ... minus the homeade powdered donuts which were excellent.  Would I come back again?  No way.  We went to the buffet in Harrah's and spent less than what we did at the buffet in TI (with a 2 for 1 coupon) and it was delicious.  If you wait around until it's lunch time they will serve prime rib, peel and eat shrimp, ham, etc.
166	0	Quite fair.  For reference - I've been to several other churrascarias - from Boston, MA to Nairobi, Kenya.  I came in alone killing some time and needing a quick lunch while out in Vegas for a conference.  To be frank, the food quality at Pampas just kind of lacks.  The salad bar was mostly bland and ill-prepared or overcooked.  The service was fine, but sometimes awkward and at times brusk.  I attend my conference annually and won't be back to Pampas next year.
1140	1	We had a 5 star experience with 13 guests in a private area.  Service was excellent and timely.  We first received bread basket.  Then a great warm spinach & artichoke dip with pita chips.  My ginger beef was delish.  My neighbor's beef wellington was beautiful.  Another's chicken parm was excellent.  Their dessert carrot cake is excellent-well balanced.  Their prices are reasonable for such a class act.  They did take a long time between dinner and dessert-we were in there well over two hours but it was a perfect dining experience for our celebrating group.
1603	0	This may be the first time I have ever given a spot a 1 based off of just food alone. Say What?  Service Run Through- They have people making these at oompa loompa rates in the back and so the long line moves fairly quickly. Cashier service is stereotypical lunch lady status.   "The sliders are downright disgusting." - 2 AM drunk person  Yeah I'm quoting myself but when a slider doesn't taste good when it's 2 AM and you're drunk you know something is wrong here. I can usually spit out some sarcastic remark about how bad something is but these are just bad to the point of being indescribable. The fries are flavorless so prepare yourself for some hands on salting.  Let me blame impractical jokers for the 2 step flow of communication that got me to come in here. I understand this is fast food blah blah but even a sloppy big mac would have been the better choice. Don't let the east coast bias suck you in. It's Vegas, there are way more options at 2 AM in a city that never sleeps. If you're just dying to have some white castle sliders just get some of the frozen ones from your grocery store and let them thaw out for a day, they call that doing it Vegas style.
1095	1	Dear Secret Pizza,  Everytime I visit you I think of you for weeks after; and long for a pizza to live up to your amazing-ness here at home in the bay area.  it doesn't matter how long the line is- this is the best pizza on the strip and its 100% worth the wait; the hype is real; there is no struggle, just grab a beer and wait in line.  the white pizza- is unforgettable nomnom
1252	0	Do not come here! The security guards harass you, especially if you are a pretty girl! They gave one of my friends a hard time getting in just to have the excuse to feel on her. After that we called a manager and he denied the whole thing and said that she was being aggressive towards security and then didn't let her to go in the club. Some of us still went in and it was extremely crowded, not enough space to dance. Drinks are $25 plus. Do yourself a favor and spend your vegas night elsewhere.
1858	1	I don't know why I never reviewed this place sooner, but this is the home of some of the best burgers I have ever had, period.  I went there with the bf for lunch, so it wasn't too busy and we only had to wait about 15 minutes for a booth. I liked the fact that each booth had it's own TV. Cute.  The service was fine as well...I don't recall waiting forever or having an issue at all. Maybe it's just the luck of the draw? In any case, screw the service, focus on the burgers!  I love Hubert Keller, so I was definitely expecting something amazing. I ordered the 3 sliders, which were simply DIVINE.  I still have flashbacks to eating the one with cheese and caramelized onions! If I could only have one last burger before I died, that would be the one.  There were some more expensive burgers on the menu that I had been tempted to try, but since I hadn't ever been there before, I chose to be a bit frugal until I figured out if I approved of the burgers.  Boy, do I approve!  When I head back there though, I think I'll have to try something with truffles (my fav.!)...
1667	1	This place was great! I gave it 5 stars because everything we sank our teeth into was phenomenal and our service was amazing. My boyfriend got the Rising Sun burger, I got the Golden Standard. Both were awesome. I think his may have been better just because it was so different and all the flavors were spot on!!! I got the oreo shake and he got the peanut butter/banana....both tasted delicious.  Our waitress, Kristine, was top notch. She was fun, polite, perky, and adorable. That kind of service is what we LOVE. We will definitely come back on our next trip to Vegas :)  If I could change one thing it would be the loud music...I mean, it was pretty loud, hard to have conversation over that loud of music during dinner!
255	0	There's nothing really wrong with the cafe, for breakfast, except for the outrageous prices. $4.50 for a beverage? Give me a break. I'm willing to pay a premium price for a nice restaurant experience, but I demand better food, better service, and better/unique ambiance in return. Cafe Bellagio offers none of those for its sky high prices.   The Crab Cakes Benedict was pretty good, though not work withe $20. The plain Belgian waffles were also pretty good, but not for $10--the secret, I think, is they use a lot of vanilla.   Service was OK for a restaurant of that size. There was a wait of about 15 minutes to get a table, but that was at 10AM on a Saturday with a rush.   If it's a weekday and you insist on eating at the Bellagio, go for the buffet. Better deal, I think. Otherwise, go off strip. Your wallet and stomach will thank you--first when the bill comes, later when you have to pay it.
1514	1	One of my favorite restaurants anywhere.  The Kobe beef burger is...um...well it's making my mouth water just thinking about it...    The Burger Bar offers a wide variety of burger choices, but the real fun is in the topping choices (ranging from the ordinary: tomatoes, pickles, onions...to the extreme: lobster, black truffles!!!).    Good drink choices (quite a few beers on tap) and wonderful homemade fountain sodas.  Excellent sweet potato french fries.      My favorite there, however, must be the "Chocolate Burger" dessert.  It's a warm glazed donut sliced in half (to look like a hamburger roll), a round slab of chocolate grenache, fresh strawberries, fresh mint, mango gelatin and raspberry syrup.  Great stuff.    If you're in Vegas, check out the Burger Bar!    Here's the website: http://www.usmenuguide.com/burgerbar.htm
334	0	Unfortunately, I didn't read the reviews on this place before I came. If I did, I would have went elsewhere. This place is a TOTAL 2 star. I'll give it props for being brightly lit and decently clean. I ordered the coconut waffle, some frozen yogurt, an iced mocha coffee and little cream puffs that they make there. The coconut waffle was green....WEIRD. It didn't have much flavor at all. My iced coffee was HORRIBLE. I barely took 2 sips. The red velvet frozen yogurt tasted gross. It had a really weird flavor. I can't quite put my finger on it but it didn't taste like the red velvet yogurt I get a golden spoon.  The cream puffs were ok. They definitely needed more cream. One thing that really stood out, and not in a good way, was the loud speak system that announces when your order is ready.  I've made a rule. DONT EAT AT ANYTHING LESS THAN 4 STAR. I, again, broke my own rule. I try to be spontaneous though. I try to "live in the old days" were Yelp doesnt rule my life. And, that fails me everytime. There are so many good places to eat in Chinatown. Unfortunately, this isn't one of them.
1712	0	Tao is one of the most beautiful and spacious clubs I have ever been in. Seriously, it is like the best feast for your eyes. In every way this could be a place out of a movie. The cool and trendy Asian fusion inspired place where a major scene occurs.   But the thing is, you can't enjoy it at all. The line outside is insane, there must have been 1000 people in line when we got there at 11:30pm. Then we managed to cut the line due to the "finesse" of some guys we met in the casino. As soon as you get in, you are literally shoulder to shoulder with someone. I guess I'm lucky to be decently tall for an Asian girl, otherwise I might have suffocated in shoulders. Not only that, they totally skimp on the air cond. I mean seriously, Vegas is HOT, the only reason to go clubbing in Vegas, vs the normal home town is that you expect the eye candy to be better and to finally by graced by the presence of being cooled from the heat. But it was cooler outside the club in the middle of summer that is how hot it was. It was so dark and crowded I couldn't make out any candy. Then the dance floor was packed, literally the only thing one could try to do to dance is jump up and down.   Lame. The one thing was that the drinks were ok, but drinks can pretty much be ok anywhere you go. I would totally pass on Tao, if it weren't so pretty inside and the music wasn't decent, which it was, I would have given it one star.
36	0	I really was expecting more from this. My mac and cheese was kinda bleh. I figured a place that was known for hot chocolate...er frozen, whatever...would have comfort food down pat. Getting seated was kind of a nightmare, and the atmosphere was too bright and crowded for my taste.   I would have tried it again, but several months later I found Max Brenner, which was everything I wanted Serendipity to be.
360	0	I've been to the Mandalay Bay Buffet many times, and the quality has definitely gone down over time.  My favorite is always the prime rib when it's cooked just right at medium rare.  The crab legs are good, but they are not normally fresh and the shells are soft which makes them really hard to open to get that one piece of meat.  I remembered their dessert used to be better also, though their bread pudding is still very delicious and about the only dessert I eat there now.
811	1	If I could eat their Fried Chicken Benedict ever day I would.  It was incredible.  Loads of fried chicken, eggs, mashed potatoes, and biscuits were piled on this plate and covered with the most amazing sauce.  It is easily large enough for 2 average people to share (Or one really really hungry person to attempt).  This thing was a monster.  I was starving when i went in, and I love to eat.  I consider it one of my greatest skills.  This plate of food was too much for even me to handle (but it was so good I kept eating until I hated myself).    The restaurant itself was nice and the bar area where we ate was pretty quite.  Definitely will be back the next time I am in Vegas.
1365	0	I'm a buffet nut and have been to enough buffets to know when an establishment is a ripoff. I wish somebody wrote about this. Maybe people have different standards or they don't know any better and actually consider this buffet good. This place is terrible, especially for $87 -- 2 adults, 1 child, Monday night, an hour wait. Poor selection. Food doesn't taste good at all. Lots of plates empty and not being refilled. Do not eat here!!
1370	0	Dinner Buffet was very limited.  What they did have was good, but who ever heard of a dinner Buffer without fried chicken or baked potatoes?  Salad bar was weak.  Breakfast Buffet was much better with French toast, 3 types of scrambled eggs, 3 types of sausage, pancakes, waffles.  Breakfast - Yes.  Dinner - No.
697	1	Got there around 6pm on Thursday.  Line wasn't very long.  Hostess was wonderful.  As you got in line she came by to give you an idea of how long the wait was.  Our waitress, Mia, was absolutely wonderful.  You could tell that she loved her job.  I had the super antioxidant cocktail....yum.  The American burger was flavorful and cooked perfectly.  My husband had the Farm burger which was also cooked perfectly.  We shared the plain fries which were good with the chipotle ketchup.  I'm not a fan of curry so I didn't really like the curry ketchup but that is just personal taste.  Definitely worth the $$.
1752	0	After staying at the MGM Grand last year I expected another good experience from a 4-star hotel. Unfortunately I was a bit let down. This hotel is 2 long blocks and a busy street/intersection away from the northern end of the strip (which is pretty much dead most of the time and devoid of night life) and to get to the center strip is a good 20 minute walk (unless one pays for the shuttle metro which is $). For someone who loves to swim laps for exercise the pool was a huge disappointment for me as it is too small for such a large hotel and has no "deep end". Also, I payed $165 for  Friday & Saturday nights and would expect this place to at least include free wireless internet which it didn't. Casino floor was a bit underwhelming. Also, this place has no nightclubs or other night entertainment and the crowd tends to be older and a bit more blue collar. The positives were my room which was very clean, had a new plasma tv, and great views of LV city from the 23rd floor. However, next time I would rather spend $20 more/night and hit the neighboring Wynn or TI hotels on the strip.
958	0	I used to visit this buffet pretty regularly because they HAD a keno board which there are only a few left on the strip. Now that it's gone there is no reason at all to eat here. The selection is eh, the food is eh and the price is the same as some of the better buffets on the strip. I will say that the service is pretty good. Unless you have a coupon for a free or very discounted buffet I would probably skip this one.
1936	1	Best burgers hands down. Eating at one of Ramsey's restaurants is like my life long pursuit as I've been a big fan of his for years. After studying the menus from 3 Ramsey's restaurants in Vegas, we decided on this one simply because it fits our budget .   Went there at night and the wait was 2 hours, so we came back the next day and tried lunch instead, got in right away. We tried their blue burger and farm burger (with duck breast bacon and fried egg) and requested them medium rare and they were absolutely cooked to perfection. The outside was evenly cooked and the inside was pink and just melt in our mouths. Ramsey definitely delivered and we were not disappointed!!  The fries were great too with homemade ketchup and aioli sauce. The #4 shake of Oreo and Creme brle was creative and not bad. What was not good was the dessert "sticky toffee pudding push-up pops". They tasted just like vanilla ice cream layered with chocolate cake while they were supposed to be salted peanut ice cream. So don't order that.   Overall though I still give it 5 stars because the burgers were truly the best we had ever had. And now I can finally say I've eaten at one of Ramsey's restaurants.
885	1	The Waffles and Sage Fried Chicken.... YUM!   My wife ordered the waffles and Chicken, I had the pancakes. While the pancake (singular) was impressive, there is only so much pancake I can eat in one sitting.   The Waffles and Chicken was very good. The waffles had thick cut bacon cooked into it and literally a mountain of food. The waiter told my wife good luck as he dropped it off and I could only roll my eyes as I knew it was on. Four Waffles and 2 pieces of chicken which next time we are going to split.  This location was absolutely packed with a short waiting list which was worth it. We'll be back!
1940	0	i dont think i've ever hated a hotel as much as i hate the westin cauarina las vegas hotel they upgraded me to a full suite on my last stay, complete with three sinks, three rooms, and a walk-in closet they did everything a hotel could do to make it up to me but when you get robbed when you're staying in a hotel, you don't forgive easily
333	1	WOW. This place which is located in the middle of a huge strip mall took my breath away. The minute my friend and I walked in to the restaurant after a long day of walking on Las Vegas Blvd, were surprised to see how big this place was inside. It was about 5:30 in the evening and half the tables were already taken. By the time we finished our dinner, an hour later, the restaurant was full.   Inside, there is a room with a huge selection of wines. The two seating areas were nicely done, typical to most Thai restaurants. The menu had good selection of authentic Thai food and French/American wine. The fried rice that I ordered with basil, tofu and vegetables was done right. The flavors were adequate and of good taste. Fried rolls for appetizer were standard fare but not too fried which is good. Just the right amount of crisp. The frozen banana dessert tasted good just like at most Thai restaurants.   Lotus of Siam is a local Yelp favorite and as you can see from the other reviews, its averages a little over 4 stars. Great place with great food and service.
974	1	Love the texture of the crust and the constantly different kind of pizza popping out of there oven. W were the first one to get there.  Ordered a slice of pepperoni and a slice of sausage and peppercino. Then went back after that a split a slice of a different kind of sausage and ricotta pizza. Big groups I recommend maybe getting a whole pie and customizing it.
239	0	I came here for the first time to eat dinner with my friends and I must say I wasn't impressed. While the waitress was very friendly, it didn't make up for the lack of effort put into making the food. I decided to try their "world famous wings" since it appeared to be the most popular menu item. After a very long time waiting, my wings arrived and they were very cold. I couldn't bring myself to eat very many and just found a few that were warm.  Would I say I had a good first time? not really.  Would I go here again? probably not, ill just stick to Wing Stop.
1000	1	I'm surprised i have not reviewed this place yet!! By far my favorite restaurant in vegas... i know there is no famous chef here, or the place is not named after a famous chef, but hey its 24 hours, the best bread on the strip and servings are huge!! IMO an upscale cheesecake factory... the fries are DELICIOUS... and those philly cheese egg rolls or something like that are pretty yummy as well!!  Definitely go here at least 2 times on all my visits to sin city! Wait is never too bad and prices are decent, much better than the overpriced restaurants in vegas, and i can come here in PJs!!
1628	1	Got to vegas frm san diego this is the first place we came to eat...the place is clean and easy to find..the menu was wonderful..a plus for me was that there was rice...the price were good and the portions were big...are waitress karla was wonderful and very nice started are day off positive....will tell othe
486	0	We were staying at the MGM Grand and thought a nice dinner at Hooters would be a nice treat for our first night in Vegas. We'd been to Hooters elsewhere before and were looking forward to some yummy wings.  The server was super slow and after she finally took our order and we waited for much longer, instead of coming back with food she said we should order something else because their wings weren't defrosted yet... The menu VERY clearly said NEVER FROZEN so wtf. & other people were eating wings when we left so rabble rabble.
1778	0	For the love of God, if you see this place....run.  My girlfriend and I were unfortunate victims of this restaurant.  Having just flown into Vegas from New York that morning, maybe we were jetlagged.  Maybe the brightly lighted fish tanks allured us.   But alas, the fates took us here and it ruined our entire evening.  We were walking around Caesar's Palace and saw advertisements.  "A noodle bar?"  It sounded quirky and interesting enough, an honestly delightful complement to all the other restaurant reservations we had made for the rest of our trip.  So we strolled in, after quickly reading a few Yelp reviews.  They weren't positive.  We had figured that perhaps some people were too harsh, and the reviews were mixed.  Well, I should have figured something was up when the person with the most check-ins for this restaurant was our hostess.   And it began.  Taking a seat, I couldn't help notice that as opposed to the normal restaurant attire of Vegas, most of the other patrons were wearing t-shirts, shorts, and swim trunks.  At 7 pm at night.  I shrugged it off, and looked towards my girlfriend who was trying to piece together the atmosphere as it was her first time in Vegas.  We trucked on and ordered.  The food arrived 5 minutes later.  Never a good sign, I've learned.  The pork buns themselves were okay..but horribly overpriced.  Our noodle dish however, left us in such disbelief that we called over the waiter. As opposed to its 22 dollar price tag, we had gotten lo-mein made with spaghetti.  In sheer disbelief, we called over the waiter as we had felt like we were massively gutted.   We had gotten a noodle dish so terrible, I would have gladly preferred to go to the local mall, and gotten food court lo mein.    Because we're troopers, we finished the meal and reached for our check.  Still hungry, we noticed that the price tag of the meal was 50 dollars.   For a small dish of what was lo mein, badly cooked chicken, and pork buns that practically defined mediocre.  It may have ruined our evening, but don't let it ruin yours.  Please avoid this place, and find any other establishment.  ANY OTHER PLACE.  This is a waste of your time, money, and honestly, is a blackmark on a pretty great hotel.   But hey, at least they have pretty fish.
1077	0	So i went to this place for my birthday... my expectations were set high and sadly it did not meet. I assumed the meals would be large in portions and the prices to me neutral but was the complete opposite. The food was not that good especially for the prices. I did enjoy the decor though! ALSO the "frozen hot chocolate" was a let down i expected different.
1749	1	I rarely eat burgers so I figured if I'm going to splurge I'll head to Gordom Ramsey's BurGR! I ordered the blue burger and sweet potato fries! Way too much for me to finish, but so freaking delicious! I thought everything was awesome, including the service! Can't wait to go back to Vegas and try his other restaurants!
622	0	Granted that I was in Las Vegas, it was not surprising that I was hung over. My friends and I were staying at the PH Towers and the last thing I wanted to do, was to step out into the scorching 100 degree heat for some food.  We had a group of eight people, who each wanted something different and it was a huge headache, trying to figure out a place that would accommodate everyone's taste. Not to mention, I already had a huge headache from all of the previous night's alcohol consumption to begin with.   We finally agreed to give Planet Dailies a try, since they had such a vast variety on their menu. They had all sorts of dishes: soups, salads, Asian cuisine, pastas, sandwiches/burgers, breakfast, steaks, seafood, smoothies, and shakes.   I got the Hong Kong Wonton soup, which was okay. It came with leafy greens and several wontons. The broth was nice and clear, but it wasn't as good as wonton soup from an Asian restaurant of course. It was the perfect remedy for the time being. I also got the try the chicken fettuccini and the spaghetti with meatballs. The chicken fettuccini was too dry and the Alfredo sauce was way too thick. On the other hand, the spaghetti and meatballs was great. It was a humungous serving that my friend could not finish. Luckily, she was nice enough to share. The meatballs were tender and abundant. The sauce was the perfect consistency and I liked it.  The food actually deserves three stars, but I've given them an overall two stars, for their incredibly slow service. The food took a good thirty minutes to come out and when one of my friends asked for an extra spoon and Tabasco sauce, it took the waiter 15 minutes to bring out just the spoon--he had forgotten about the Tabasco sauce. There were only two other tables being occupied at the time, so the slow and forgetful service was really unacceptable.   Since they are open 24 hours, I would probably only come back during a drunken stupor, when I am feeling too good to even care about how long my food takes.
691	1	My friends and I ate here before heading out to Tao Nightclub. We got to Grand Lux Cafe around 9:30PM and were seated within 5-10 minutes. The decision to eat here turned out to be a really great since portions were perfect for the price.  My sister and I shared the Pasta Telephono and it turned out be enough to fill the both of us up. The chicken to pasta ratio was good and I loved the creamy sauce. $14.95 for two people? Good deal to me!   Reading reviews that Grand Lux is the sister company of Cheesecake Factory had me mentally comparing the two. I personally like Cheesecake Factory and found Grand Lux to be great in comparison. I'd highly recommend this place!
684	0	The food took forever to arrive.  The steak/lobster tail combo was OK. I liked the steak more than than the lobster tail.  The chinese chicken salad is tasty, but the wontons get soggy fast.  The ahi tuna salad is good, but perhaps not really worth it.  Overall, nothing is amazing. I don't really like the atmosphere, because it reminds me of a cleaner Denny's or comparable diner. The food is not really worth it and there are just better options on The Strip. You must get the 50% off meal ticket in order for this place to not be severely overpriced.
159	1	This was a positively sublime burger-eating experience.  When in town for a weekend, this was the one place I wanted to make sure I stopped by, and I wasn't disappointed.  Buddy and I each ordered the kobe beef burger and couldn't have been happier.  The meat was prepared perfectly, and the list of available toppings was extensive.  I love that the toppings went from mild to wild and cheap to expensive.  This is probably the only place where one could get a burger with both shaved truffle slices and velveeta.  I went with carmelized onions and gorgonzola - delicious!  As others have said, you must try the sweet potato fries.  They are well worth the extra expense and are scrumptious.  One last piece of advice - do the call-ahead seating.  The restaurant doesn't do reservations, but you can call ahead up to a half hour.  My buddy and I did this and were able to walk right in upon arrival.  The place was packed, and the relatively huge line that formed behind us didn't care for us all that much.  In the end, the price was more than reasonable, given how well-prepared and customizable the meal is.  There may be a better burger somewhere else, but I certainly have yet to find it.
535	0	This was my first time at a Hooters.. I know right? Like how can I have never visited a Hooters. lol. But I regret trying the wings for my very first time at the Casino. I love wings, but I felt that the taste was not that great. Are the wings over rated? The service was even not impressing.
987	0	Pricey for mediocre food.  The service our group of 6 had was pretty reasonable.  My biggest gripe about this place is that you have to PAY for chips and salsa.  It's not cheap either.  In addition, we got the guacamole.  We were so excited to get a bowl full of guac only to realize the bottom of it was a bunch of crushed chips so that [as our waitress explained] you don't drag your fingers through the guac.  Uh...whatever.  All of us ordered burritos.  I got the veggie burrito although I'm not vegetarian.  It was mostly filled with sauteed onions with a bell pepper here and there.  Overall, not the biggest fan of the food.  Of course with any restaurant along the strip, it wasn't cheap ($9 for a small burrito).  I will admit the salsa and hot sauce were amazing but such a rip off.  This is a fun place to drink but when you drink you want snacks...so just expect to shell out a pretty penny or 100.  [haha?]
1535	1	In my humble foodie opinion, Lotus of Siam has the best Thai food in Vegas and possible in the country (based on their food on the menu, not lunch buffet). How did I reach this conclusion?   - Well let's start with the food itself. The food is phenomenon. I have eaten Thai food in so many places and food at LoS is so much better in term of taste,  flavors, spices, and quality. When I slurped the soup, I could tell the sweetness and flavor came from bones/meat  being stewed for hours, and NOT from loads of MSG many other places threw in to mask the sweetness. They seasoned the food so nicely that your tongue can taste the sourness, sweetness, spiciness and all other flavors at the same time without one overtaking others. The quality is always so fresh.  Food cooked here are truly being made with care and fitted for royalty.   - This restaurant used to be hole in the wall kind of restaurant but since expanded out and lookw much nicer inside. This restaurant is also located in a kinda shading commercial center that you normally would not visit if you're familiar with that area. But guess what?  This restaurant is packed every night and you wouldn't believe how many people took taxi and limousines all the way from the strip to dine at this place. There is usually a line waiting outside even before the restaurant is opened for dinner. If you plan to come late, I recommend getting a reservation ahead of time.  - The chef, Saipin Chutima, has won so many awards and is considered one of the best chefs in the country. The restaurant is Zagat rated and so many celebrities and famous chefs dined at this place.  In term of price, I think they are very reasonable for the quality of food you get here. At least here, you truly get what you pay for, unlike some other crappy places in the strip that charge you an arm and a leg for crappy food.   Don't believe me? Go try their dinner menu and you can see/taste for yourself.
